"Print They should pay all the back all the money plus interest. The entire family and everyone who came in with them need to be deported asap. Why did it take two years to bust them? 
Here we go again …another group stealing from the government and taxpayers! A group of Somalis stole over four million in government benefits over just 10 months! 
We’ve reported on numerous cases like this one where the Muslim refugees/immigrants commit fraud by scamming our system…It’s way out of control! More Related"
"Why Did Attorney General Loretta Lynch Plead The Fifth? Barracuda Brigade 2016-10-28 Print The administration is blocking congressional probe into cash payments to Iran. Of course she needs to plead the 5th. She either can’t recall, refuses to answer, or just plain deflects the question. Straight up corruption at its finest! 
100percentfedUp.com ; Talk about covering your ass! Loretta Lynch did just that when she plead the Fifth to avoid incriminating herself over payments to Iran…Corrupt to the core! Attorney General Loretta Lynch is declining to comply with an investigation by leading members of Congress about the Obama administration’s secret efforts to send Iran $1.7 billion in cash earlier this year, prompting accusations that Lynch has “pleaded the Fifth” Amendment to avoid incriminating herself over these payments, according to lawmakers and communications exclusively obtained by the Washington Free Beacon. 
Sen. Marco Rubio (R., Fla.) and Rep. Mike Pompeo (R., Kan.) initially presented Lynch in October with a series of questions about how the cash payment to Iran was approved and delivered. 
In an Oct. 24 response, Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik responded on Lynch’s behalf, refusing to answer the questions and informing the lawmakers that they are barred from publicly disclosing any details about the cash payment, which was bound up in a ransom deal aimed at freeing several American hostages from Iran. 
The response from the attorney general’s office is “unacceptable” and provides evidence that Lynch has chosen to “essentially plead the fifth and refuse to respond to inquiries regarding [her]role in providing cash to the world’s foremost state sponsor of terrorism,” Rubio and Pompeo wrote on Friday in a follow-up letter to Lynch. More Related"
"Red State : 
Fox News Sunday reported this morning that Anthony Weiner is cooperating with the FBI, which has re-opened (yes, lefties: “re-opened”) the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s classified emails. Watch as Chris Wallace reports the breaking news during the panel segment near the end of the show: 
And the news is breaking while we’re on the air. Our colleague Bret Baier has just sent us an e-mail saying he has two sources who say that Anthony Weiner, who also had co-ownership of that laptop with his estranged wife Huma Abedin, is cooperating with the FBI investigation, had given them the laptop, so therefore they didn’t need a warrant to get in to see the contents of said laptop. Pretty interesting development. 
Targets of federal investigations will often cooperate, hoping that they will get consideration from a judge at sentencing. Given Weiner’s well-known penchant for lying, it’s hard to believe that a prosecutor would give Weiner a deal based on an agreement to testify, unless his testimony were very strongly corroborated by hard evidence. But cooperation can take many forms — and, as Wallace indicated on this morning’s show, one of those forms could be signing a consent form to allow   the contents of devices that they could probably get a warrant for anyway. We’ll see if Weiner’s cooperation extends beyond that. More Related"
"Print Hillary goes absolutely berserk! She explodes on Bill ‘rapist’ protester at rally… Oh the irony! She is an enabler to Bill’s “escapades”. She’s is just projecting again. She is so pathetic. Dragging integrity challenged Alicia Machado on stage with her yesterday at her sad little “rally” in Florida. 
TGP : Democratic Party presidential nominee Hillary Clinton angrily reacted to a protester shouting “Bill Clinton is a rapist” at a campaign rally in Fort Lauderdale, Florida Tuesday night, saying, “I am sick and tired of the negative, dark, divisive, dangerous vision and behavior of people who support Donald Trump,” according to reports. 
Protester interrupts Hillary Clinton shouting ""Bill Clinton is a rapist."" Clinton fires right back ""I am sick and tired of the negative"" pic.twitter.com/yncdkS90Bg 
— Josh Haskell (@joshbhaskell) November 2, 2016 Man interrupts @HillaryClinton yelling ""Bill Clinton is a rapist""- she responds she's tired of divisive distractions. @nbc6 pic.twitter.com/2GPjps1EQB 
— Jamie Guirola (@jamieNBC6) November 2, 2016 Here's Hillary absolutely going bezerk on a protester, starts screaming, shouting, yelling. Full off the rails. pic.twitter.com/j11qI5JjtO 
— John Binder 👽 (@JxhnBinder) November 2, 2016 Related"
" "
"Students expressed their “fear” over a Trump presidency in messages to each other that were being shared on Twitter today: “Literally scared for their lives” is the new “literally Hitler”. #NotMyPresident pic.twitter.com/8cKfQdF2Ce 
— Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) November 9, 2016 
And finally, this ridiculous and totally biased email was sent from University of Michigan President to the students offering them assistance to help them through the results of our Presidential election last night. The President wants to ensure the students that the university remains committed to their “most important responsibility” at their school which is apparently, “to remain committed to education, discovery and intellectual honesty – and to diversity, equity and inclusion.”: 
To All Members of the University Community: 
As I’m sure many of you did, I watched the election coverage late into the night, and had the opportunity to visit with students and staff at a results-watching event sponsored by the Ginsberg Center at the Michigan Union. It will take quite some time to completely absorb the results from yesterday’s election, understand the full implications, and discern the long-term impact on our university and our nation . More immediately, in the aftermath of a close and highly contentious election we continue to embrace our most important responsibility as a university community. Our responsibility is to remain committed to education, discovery and intellectual honesty – and to diversity, equity and inclusion. We are at our best when we come together to engage respectfully across our ideological differences; to support ALL who feel marginalized, threatened or unwelcome; and to pursue knowledge and understanding, as we always have, as the students, faculty and staff of the University of Michigan. There are reports of members of our community offering support to one another. Students are planning a vigil tonight on the Diag at 6 p.m. Our Center for Research on Teaching and Learning also has numerous resources available for faculty seeking help in cultivating classroom environments that are responsive to national issues. I also want to make everyone aware of some of the plans and events we have had in place for today and beyond. · Our Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy is holding a Post-Election Analysis from 4 to 5:30 p.m. today in the Weill Hall’s Annenberg Auditorium. Speakers include former U.S. Congressman John Dingell, former Ambassador Ron Weiser, and faculty members Mara Ostfeld, Betsey Stevenson and Marina Whitman. · Our History Department has organized a community discussion led by faculty and students to include historical perspectives at 6 p.m. tonight in 1014 Tisch Hall. · The Office of Student Life will provide resources and referrals for support on campus to students, faculty and staff at a location in the Michigan Union’s Willis Ward Lounge. It will be open today from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. · Our Office of Multi-Ethnic Student Affairs is offering an open space of support to help members of our community connect during open hours today. MESA’s office is in the Michigan Union, Room 2202. · Tomorrow, our Ginsberg Center and Counseling and Psychological Services office is facilitating a Post-election Dialogue: Impact, Perspective-taking, and Moving Forward. This event is part of the Student Life Professional Development Conference at 1 – 2 p.m. in the Michigan League’s Henderson Room. I know that other schools, colleges and offices across our campus are planning events as well. I thank everyone who is helping us come together and ask anyone scheduling a post election event post it on the University of Michigan Events Calendar. I hope all of us will continue to proudly embrace the opportunities before us as the students, faculty and staff of a great public research university governed by the people. Elections are often times of great change, but the values we stand for at U-M have been shaped over the course of nearly 200 years. Our mission remains as essential for society as ever: “…to serve the people of Michigan and the world through preeminence in creating, communicating, preserving and applying knowledge, art, and academic values, and in developing leaders and citizens who will challenge the present and enrich the future.” I look forward to working together with all of you to advance the work we do in service of the public – and to ensure that the University of Michigan will always be a welcoming place for all members of society. Sincerely, 
Mark Schlissel President  "
"Copyright © 2016 100PercentFedUp.com, in association with Liberty Alliance | All rights reserved. Proudly built by WPDevelopers . STAY IN THE LOOP Sign up for our email newsletter to become a 100% Fed Up insider. Subscribe "
"Go to Article A Trump supporter wearing a Trump/Pence t-shirt let it fly on a reporter from MSNBC because of his one sided reporting and the demonizing of Trump. This is one brave woman! New Yorkers have had enough of the protests and violence! … @calmsnbc is having an interesting day. pic.twitter.com/EMelMQamAU"
"Go to Article Donald Trump was willing to give