 up a very fulfilling life that took decades to build, so he could step up and take control of an out of control government. He and his family have already sacrificed so much because he chose to put his country first. Making sacrifices is certainly not something loudmouth liberals like Robert DeNiro are accustomed to. DeNiro was very vocal about his opposition to the wildly successful business man Donald J. Trump. He felt so strongly about his hate for Trump that made a video where he angrily stated he’d like to, “punch him in the face.” Now that Trump won the election in a landslide, DeNiro has chosen to get behind the Trump rioters who are terrorizing cities across America. Anti-Trump rioters are breaking windows, using baseball bats to smash the windshields of innocent citizens who get trapped in their hellish protests as they try to escape. Women who are taking part in the protests are being punched in the faces by men who are also taking part in the George Soros funded protests. American flags are being burned and families who are walking in major cities are being subjected to the most vile and disgusting, hateful language and images imaginable. If this is the kind of America that Robert DiNero is openly supporting? And if so, why would any American pay to see his movie,”Comedian”? 
Robert De Niro gave anti-Donald Trump protesters across the United States his backing Friday as he spoke about how “depressed” the tycoon’s win in the presidential election had made him. 
The 73-year-old star was on the red carpet at the world premiere of his new film “The Comedian” in Los Angeles when he was asked how he was coping with Trump’s victory over Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. 
“How am I doing? I’m very depressed,” the famously laconic “Raging Bull” actor told reporters. 
“We have to just wait and see how things go and keep our eyes ever vigilant on the new government.” 
Asked if he thought the protests were an appropriate response to the outcome of Tuesday’s election, he replied: “Yes, absolutely. Things aren’t being done right.” 
Demonstrators took to the streets in Miami, Los Angeles, New York and other US cities for a third straight night on Friday. 
In Manhattan, they held signs reading “Your Wall Can’t Stand in Our Way” — a reference to the anti-immigration barrier the billionaire has promised to build on the US border with Mexico. 
De Niro hasn’t minced his words in his criticism of Trump, describing him as “a punk,” “a pig” and “an idiot.” 
“I’d like to punch him in the face,” he said before the election. 
Earlier in the day a town in southern Italy where De Niro’s grandparents came from offered the actor a means of escape. 
“If, after the disappointment of Trump, he wants to take refuge here, we are ready to welcome him,” said Antonio Cerio, the mayor of Ferrazzano. 
“The Comedian,” De Niro’s passion project which took him eight years to bring to the big screen, was part of this year’s program for the American Film Institute’s annual AFI Fest in Los Angeles. – Yahoo 
Here’s a clip of Trump-hater Megyn Kelly promoting DiNero’s hateful rant against Donald J. Trump:  "
"John McNaughton is a special American painter because of his subject matter and the intensity in which he portrays our current government…troubled and corrupt. The Forgotten Man painting is amazing in its symbolism. 
Here’s how McNaughton describes the painting: 
Against the background of a darkening sky, all of the past Presidents of the United States gather before the White House, as if to commemorate some great event. In the left hand corner of the painting sits a man. That man, with his head bowed appears distraught and hopeless as he contemplates his future. Some of the past Presidents try to console him while looking in the direction of the modern Presidents as if to say, “What have you done?” Many of these modern Presidents, seemingly oblivious to anything other than themselves, appear to be congratulating each other on their great accomplishments. In front of the man, paper trash is blowing in the wind. Crumpled dollar bills, legislative documents, and, like a whisper—the U.S. Constitution beneath the foot of Barack Obama. 
THE FORGOTTEN MAN… 
McNaughton never sells his original paintings BUT he made an exception this time. He sold this painting to Sean Hannity so Hannity could give it to Donald Trump. Awesome, huh? 
November 9th McNaughton announced via facebook that he sold the original to Sean Hannity: 
“Sean Hannity just purchased my painting “The Forgotten Man” to give to Donald Trump to hang in the White House” 
THE WHITE HOUSE!"
"Go to Article Dear Abby, I supported a woman I knew had a history of criminal activity, who is married to a rapist and who left 4 men to die in Benghazi. She put our national security at grave risk by leaving top classified emails on her private server, and she took money from nations who throw gays off rooftops and treat women worse than cockroaches. She is likely very sick and would be unlikely to serve out her first term without someone there to prop her up, but nevertheless, I supported her anyhow, because she’s a Democrat and has a vagina. Someone told me she still has a chance of winning the presidency if I just signed a petition. They said that Trump really didn’t win, because Hillary won the popular vote. Is that true? 
Okay, let’s address this “Hillary might win the popular vote, isn’t that Electoral College situation just awful” thing head on. 
No, it’s not awful. It’s great, and it protects the importance of your vote. It’s also uniquely American and demonstrates yet again the once-in-creation brilliance of the Founding Fathers. 
First of all, she’s probably not going to win the actual number of votes cast. She may win the number of votes counted, but not the votes cast. 
States don’t count their absentee ballots unless the number of outstanding absentee ballots is larger than the state margin of difference. If there is a margin of 1,000 votes counted and there are 1,300 absentee ballots outstanding, then the state tabulates those. If the number of outstanding absentee ballots wouldn’t influence the election results, then the absentee ballots aren’t counted. 
Who votes by absentee ballot? Students overseas, the military, businesspeople on trips, etc. The historical breakout for absentee ballots is about 67-33% Republican. In 2000, when Al Gore “won” the popular vote nationally by 500,000 votes and the liberal media screamed bloody murder, there were 2 million absentee ballots in California alone. A 67-33 breakout of those yields a 1.33- to 0.667-million Republican vote advantage, so Bush would have gotten a 667,000-vote margin from California’s uncounted absentee ballots alone! So much for Gore’s 500,000 popular vote “victory.” (That was the headline on the N.Y. Times, and it was the lead story on NBC Nightly News, right? No? You’re kidding.) 
Getting back to the “win the popular vote/lose the Electoral College” scenario: Thank G-d we have that, or else California and N.Y. would determine every election. Every time. 
But the Electoral College brilliantly smooths out the variances in the voting proclivities among states and regions. Farmers in the middle of the country and importers and exporters on the shore get roughly equal say, as do Madison Ave. execs and factory workers in Tennessee. 
Shortcomings? Sure. The E.C. can make an R vote meaningless in a very few heavily D states or vice versa. But without the Electoral College, the country’s entire population is subject to the disproportionate voting preferences of the few most populous states. – American Thinker Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!"
"David Wilcox, a 49 year old Chicago man who was brutally beaten by a mob of black Democrats asks, “What happened to America?” Here is his very sad story:  "
"Go to Article Filmmaker Ami Horowitz takes to the streets in Berkeley, CA to ask white liberals how they feel about voter ID laws? Do voter ID laws suppress the black vote? Are voter ID laws racist? Watch the stunning (and very telling) responses these elitist liberals give to Horowitz. Next, watch how black citizens in Harlem, NY reply to the racist generalizations made by white liberals in Berkeley, CA. Tell us again who the real racists are? Wow!  "
"Go to Article 
Political activist and Hillary supporter Amal Clooney traveled to Texas to warn Americans about our elected President Donald J. Trump and his tough immigration policies. Maybe she didn’t get the memo…Trump’s tough immigration stance is what catapulted him to the top of the heap in the crowded pack of GOP primary contenders. It wasn’t too long ago that her arrogant liberal husband announced with great confidence, “There will never be a President Trump”. 
Perhaps Amal should’ve traveled to some of the border towns if she wanted to get a clear picture of how illegal immigration is affecting our nation. Aliens crossing our borders illegally have destroyed the property of American ranchers, and threatened the safety and security of American citizens living in homes in or near the US -Mexican border towns… 
Amal Clooney has warned that many of president-elect Trump’s proposals would be ‘violations of international law.’ 
Speaking at the Texas Conference For Women at the Austin Convention Center on Tuesday, the international human rights lawyer, and wife of George Clooney, said she had concerns about America’s reputation under the real estate mogul’s plans. 
She noted that Trump’s comments during his campaign, ‘that there should be a religious test imposed on entering the U.S. or the fact that there should be state-sponsored torture or that families of suspected terrorists should all be killed — all of those things are violations of international human rights law and the values that underlie that.’ 
The 38-year-old wife said America’s reputation as a country with a strong human rights record and high moral standing was at ris