k. 
‘I think there’s some concern from abroad as to, “Are these things actually going to happen?”, or is the U.S. going to lose some of the moral standing that it has internationally,’ according to the Hollywood Reporter. 
Perhaps its time to put our nation’s security and sovereignty before we worry about what people in other countries around the world think of us… 
Both Amal and her Hollywood actor husband George, a staunch Hillary Clinton supporter, have spoken out against Trump in the past. 
Earlier this year, Amal Clooney called for Trump to be challenged on his extreme views. 
Watch George Clooney here whine about press giving Trump too much favorable press: 
‘When you listen to what the leading candidate on the Republican side has been saying about building walls, about excluding Mexicans and a complete shutdown of all Muslims entering in, and if you actually look at what he specifically said in that now infamous speech about Muslims, he kept saying, ‘They only want jihad. They don’t believe in our way of life. They don’t respect our system,” Clooney said. Via: Daily Mail  "
"Go to Article Rafael Salamanca’s interview on “Tucker Carlson Tonight” was a major throw down of epic proportions. Reality hit this councilman and he just kept repeating the same talking points. If you want to go up against the brilliant Trucker Carlson then you need to have your facts straight."
"Go to Article In The Bubble, life continues for progressive Americans as if the election never happened… Comment on this Article Via Your Facebook Account Comment on this Article Via Your Disqus Account Follow Us on Facebook!"
"Go to Article 
They had to know they had it coming… 
Donald Trump scolded media big shots during an off-the-record Trump Tower sitdown on Monday, sources told The Post. 
“It was like a f–ing firing squad,” one source said of the encounter. 
“Trump started with [CNN chief] Jeff Zucker and said ‘I hate your network, everyone at CNN is a liar and you should be ashamed,’ ” the source said. 
“The meeting was a total disaster. The TV execs and anchors went in there thinking they would be discussing the access they would get to the Trump administration, but instead they got a Trump-style dressing down,” the source added. 
A second source confirmed the fireworks. 
“The meeting took place in a big board room and there were about 30 or 40 people, including the big news anchors from all the networks,” the other source said. 
“Trump kept saying, ‘We’re in a room of liars, the deceitful dishonest media who got it all wrong.’ He addressed everyone in the room calling the media dishonest, deceitful liars. He called out Jeff Zucker by name and said everyone at CNN was a liar, and CNN was [a] network of liars,” the source said. 
“Trump didn’t say [NBC reporter] Katy Tur by name, but talked about an NBC female correspondent who got it wrong, then he referred to a horrible network correspondent who cried when Hillary lost who hosted a debate – which was Martha Raddatz who was also in the room.” 
The stunned reporters tried to get a word in edgewise to discuss access to a Trump Administration. 
“[CBS Good Morning co-host Gayle] King did not stand up, but asked some question, ‘How do you propose we the media work with you?’ Chuck Todd asked some pretty pointed questions. David Muir asked ‘How are you going to cope living in DC while your family is in NYC? It was a horrible meeting.” 
Here’s a sampling of Trump hitting back at the dishonest media while he was on the campaign trail. Trump did something no other presidential candidate has ever done before, he won the election in a landslide, in spite of the entire fake news empire working together to take him down: 
Trump spokeswoman Kellyanne Conway told reporters the gathering went well. 
“Excellent meetings with the top executives of the major networks,” she said during a gaggle in the lobby of Trump Tower. “Pretty unprecedented meeting we put together in two days.” 
The meeting was off the record, meaning the participants agreed not to talk about the substance of the conversations. 
The hour-long session included top execs from network and cable news channels. Among the attendees were NBC’s Deborah Turness, Lester Holt and Chuck Todd, ABC’s James Goldston, George Stephanopoulos, David Muir and Martha Raddatz, 
Also, CBS’ Norah O’Donnell John Dickerson, Charlie Rose, Christopher Isham and King, Fox News’ Bill Shine, Jack Abernethy, Jay Wallace, Suzanne Scott, MSNBC’s Phil Griffin and CNN’s Jeff Zucker and Erin Burnett. -Via : NYP  "
"Go to Article The left is shameful in their latest effort to create a false narrative that Donald Trump is supportive of racist groups. A full-court-press has been going on all day after a neo-Nazi/alt-right group held a celebration of Trump’s victory. The left grabbed onto the news and attached it to Donald Trump and his supporters. There’s a big difference between a president like Obama who actually marched with the racist New Black Panthers and sat in a racist church for 20years and Trump who DOES NOT support racist groups and has said so! He can’t help who supports him. These people are sickening…  "
"BOOM! Kellyanne Conway Shuts Down CNN’s Cuomo Barracuda Brigade 2016-11-23 THIS IS WHY WE LOVE THIS WOMAN! Kellyanne Conway is one smart cookie and is so quick with comebacks. Watch her shut down Chris Cuomo on his faux concern about “my president” tweeting: Kellyanne Conway defends Trump’s ‘Hamilton’ twitter scrap: ‘Why do you care’ https://t.co/11UIp8cKFi https://t.co/vnk4rOhY4m"
"SHARIA IN AMERICA? How Minneapolis Muslims Are Still Being Recruited By Terrorists Barracuda Brigade 2016-11-23 Print I truly hope that Trump keeps his promise to keep Muslims out of our country… 100percentfedUp : Isolation of the Somali Muslim community AND teaching Sharia law in Muslim schools in Minneapolis are the two main reasons why we should still fear their recruitment to terrorism. Assimilation hasn’t happened and that’s a HUGE problem! Pete Hegseth goes to “Little Mogadishu” and finds out that many Somali Muslims don’t speak English and that they actually teach Sharia law in school but not sure about American law. This all goes back to the REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT PROGRAM and the HUGE problem with bringing over 3 million MOSTLY Muslims to the U.S. in the past 30 years. We need to take a look at defunding this program because it’s ballooned way past what it was originally intended to be. 
IS THIS HAPPENING IN YOUR TOWN? HERE’S THE LOWDOWN ON THE REFUGEE RESETTLEMENT PROGRAM EVERY AMERICAN SHOULD HEAR: Related"
"Go to Article Wow! Milwaukee’s Sheriff David Clarke nails it again! “[President] Obama is like a tenant who has been evicted from a property, and he’s going to trash the place on the way out the door just out of spite. So, nothing would surprise me from Obama in these waning days.” — Sheriff David Clarke  "
"Go to Article Austin, Texas was the scene of protest against President-elect Donald Trump and police officers. The same weekend three police officers were ambushed:  "
"18 SHARE The Amish in America have committed their vote to Donald Trump guaranteeing him the Presidency. (AP Photo / Dennis System) 
COLUMBUS, OH (AP) — History was made today in Columbus, Ohio when more than 3 million Amish poured into the city to see the American Amish Brotherhood (AAB), an organization which acts as an informal governing body for the Amish community, endorse Donald Trump for president. That number represents a significant portion of the total Amish population, which the United States Census Bureau says numbers more than 20 million men and women nationwide all pledging their vote to Trump for President. With the full force of the Amish community behind him, Donald Trump is now mathematically guaranteed to win the presidency in November. 
The organization typically meets once a year and the meetings usually consist of about 300 Amish leaders who meet to discuss the challenges, such as urban sprawl, that face the community. This year, however, the organization wanted as many people in attendance as possible so they can effectively instruct all Amish men and women of legal voting age to cast their vote for the flamboyant Republican nominee. 
The Amish, who are direct descendants of the protestant reformation sect known as the Anabaptists, have typically stayed out of politics in the past. As a general rule, they don’t vote, serve in the military, or engage in any other displays of patriotism. This year, however, the AAB has said that it is imperative that they get involved in the democratic process. 
“Over the past eight years, the Democratic Party has launched a systematic assault on biblical virtues,” said AAB chairman Menno Simons. “We have seen more and more Christians being persecuted for their faith; we have seen the state defile the institution of marriage. Now, they want to put a woman in the nation’s highest leadership role in direct violation of 1 Timothy 2:12. We need to stop this assault and take a stand for biblical principles. Donald Trump has shown in both action and deed that he is committed to restoring this country to the Lord’s way.” 
According to statistician Nate Silver of the website fivethirtyeight.com, there are no possible scenarios in which Hillary Clinton can win with Donald Trump carrying the Amish vote. 
“The Amish have their highest numbers in perennial swing states like Pennsylvania, Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, and Iowa,” Silver noted. “They also have strong numbers in reliably Democratic states like Michigan, Illinois, and New York, meaning that Hillary will lose those states as well. There is also a sizeable community in Florida which, while not as large as it is in the Midwest, is still large enough to turn Florida for Trump. Over the next two weeks, you can expect Hillary to enter into a state of freefall in all of my predictive models.” 
The Clinton campaign issued a written statement to the AAB asking them to reconsider their decision. 
“I don’t believe that Donald Trump is the person who b