est represents your interests,” Clinton wrote to the AAB. “As a career real estate developer, he represents a clear threat to your simple way of life. As former first lady of Arkansas, I understand the concerns of rural Americans more than any candidate in this election. I implore you to consider all of the facts before voting for my opponent.” 
Most pundits believe that Mrs. Clinton’s plea is too little too late. 
During a press conference in Manhattan, Trump thanked the AAB for their support and promised to put the Amish to work maintaining government buildings, which he said would save taxpayers millions because “the Amish do great work for a very low price.” 
Though Clinton has pledged to stay in the race until the very end, many of her campaign workers have already resigned. According to the Associated Press, it is expected that the Clinton campaign will lose 50% of its staff over the next two weeks. There is a general mood of hopelessness and despair in the Clinton camp, and many simply want to cut their losses. 
“It looked like she was going to win this election easily,” said Paul Horner, a campaign worker in Ohio, “But this is what happens when you wake a sleeping giant. Cleary, Mrs. Clinton took far too much for granted in this race, and we are all now paying the price. It’s really sad to see the campaign end this way.” 
If you are interested in learning more about the Amish community and the AAB, you can contact the Pennsylvania Amish Heritage Museum at (785) 273-0325. TAGS "
"
Roger Stone: Hillary Plans to Steal Election   
Special Report: James O'Keefe and Roger Stone Join Alex Jones   "
"United States Marine Field McConnell  Plum City Online - ( AbelDanger.net )  October 28, 2016 
1. Abel Danger ( AD ) claims that Serco relayed Zulu timing signals to mentors of the Federal Bridge Certification Authority in support of live webcast of torture killings in the Mumbai attacks of November 2008 and B.C. pig farm raves (1996-2001). 

2. AD claims that Serco used an 8(a) protégé company – Base One Technologies – to blackmail Hillary Clinton into outsourcing the operation of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to users of the federal bridge and equipping selected users with patented webcast servers for Zulu betting on the times of victims’ deaths. 

3. AD claims that in 1994, Serco operatives at the National Visa Center began equipping Hillary Clinton and Michelle Obama – a former Sidley Austin intellectual property (IP) lawyer and a protégée of terrorist Bernardine Dohrn – with a long-range visa service for the BC pig farm and Mumbai snuff-film crews. 

4. United States Marine Field McConnell – Global Operations Director of Abel Danger – has offered to serve as a five-star general in a future Trump administration so he can first recognize and then destroy Serco's Zulu bridge to Clinton patents and Obama snuff-film crews. 

Mumbai Terror Attack Watch NSG successful in mission against Mumbai attackers   
Media Coverage of Starnet Raid - August 20, 1999     

Hillary Clinton vs. James Comey: Email Scandal Supercut  
Copy of SERCO GROUP PLC: List of Subsidiaries AND Shareholders! [Note British and Saudi Governments, AXA, HSBC , Teachers' and Gold man Sachs]    
Defense Ammunition Center [Outsourced to Serco ]   
Serco ... Would you like to know more?  

""Digital Fires Instructor Serco - Camp Pendleton, CA Uses information derived from all military disciplines (e.g., aviation, ground combat, command and control, combat service support, intelligence, and opposing forces) to determine changes in enemy capabilities, vulnerabilities, and probable courses of action."" 

""The 2008 Mumbai (Bombay) attacks were a series of attacks that took place in November 2008, when 10 members of Lashkar-e-Taiba , an Islamic militant organisation based in Pakistan , carried out a series of 12 coordinated shooting and bombing attacks lasting four days across Mumbai . The attacks, which drew widespread global condemnation, began on Wednesday, 26 November and lasted until Saturday, 29 November 2008, killing 164 people and wounding at least 308.[2][ 14 ] 

Eight of the attacks occurred in South Mumbai: at Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus , the Oberoi Trident,[15] the Taj Mahal Palace & Tower ,[15] Leopold Cafe, Cama Hospital,[15] the Nariman House Jewish community centre,[16] the Metro Cinema,[17] and in a lane behind the Times of India building and St. Xavier's College .[15] There was also an explosion at Mazagaon, in Mumbai's port area, and in a taxi at Vile Parle .[18] By the early morning of 28 November, all sites except for the Taj Hotel had been secured by Mumbai Police and security forces. On 29 November, India's National Security Guards (NSG) conducted 'Operation Black Tornado' to flush out the remaining attackers; it culminated in the death of the last remaining attackers at the Taj Hotel and ending the attacks.[19] Ajmal Kasab[20] disclosed that the attackers were members of Lashkar-e-Taiba,[21] among others.[22] The Government of India said that the attackers came from Pakistan, and their controllers were in Pakistan.[23] On 7 January 2009, Pakistan confirmed the sole surviving perpetrator of the attacks was a Pakistani citizen.[24] On 9 April 2015, the foremost ringleader of the attacks, Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi ,[3][4] was granted bail against surety bonds of ₨200,000 (US$2,000) in Pakistan.[25][26]"" 

""THE CASE OF THE VANISHING VISA FILES  
December 25, 2009 10:00:00 PM PST  
By Chuck Goudie   
December 16, 2009 (CHICAGO) -- Potentially important evidence has disappeared in a terrorism case involving two Chicago men. Their visa records vanished from Chicago's Indian consulate. It comes one week after the ABC 7 I-Team raised questions about how David Coleman Headley and Tahawwur Rana obtained their foreign visas in the first place. 

The case of the vanishing visa records has churned up diplomats from Mumbai to Michigan Avenue. India's foreign secretary Nirupama Rao told reporters overseas Wednesday that she wants answers from Chicago's Indian consulate about the records and visa documents that have disappeared, records that might show how two accused Chicago terrorists obtained permission to scout targets in India. 

Top officials of Chicago's India consulate wouldn't talk to the I-Team on camera last week when asked how terror suspects David Coleman Headley and Tahawwur Rana obtained five-year, unlimited passage visas to India. 

And the consul general did not return calls Wednesday regarding the paperwork they used to process Headley and Rana's visas, which Indian Foreign Secretary Nirupama Rao announced Wednesday have disappeared. 

Wednesday evening, the Chicago consul general emailed a statement to the I-Team that conflicted with government statements made in India. The brief statement read: ""We have not reported loss of any papers regarding issuance of visa to David Coleman Headley and Tahawwur Rana Hussain. Relevant information concerning the issuance of visa to these persons is available with the Government of India"". 

India's counterpart to the FBI is looking into the visa application process as part of its probe into the 2008 Mumbai massacre. 

The two Chicago suspects are accused of having roles in the assault. Rana was denied bond by a Chicago district judge Tuesday, despite family members and friends offering $1 million in cash and property. Rana has not been directly charged with the Mumbai attack that left 175 dead, but was linked to the assault in government court filings. 

Headley, a Pakistan-born Chicagoan, is a convicted heroin dealer whose birth name was Daood Giliani. He changed his name to ease travel to India, according to federal prosecutors in Chicago and to avoid the required pre-visa background check by Indian authorities. 

Since the time Headley and Rani were processed, India's Chicago consulate office began contracting out visa requests to a private company called Travisa Outsourcing that on its website claims, ""We have revolutionized the way people get their visas."" 

And the new visa processing was subject of a news conference last year. 

""The advantages of outsourcing is the Travisa company, which is handling the outsourcing, has set up a call center,"" said Ashok Kumar Attri, consul general. 

Foreign Secretary Rao said she is impressed with the cooperation the US has given to Indian investigators. Headley and Rana are not due back in court until January."" 

""Was Bernardine Dohrn the Mentor of Michelle Obama at Sidley Austin?  
April 22, 2008  
Bernardine Dohrn was at Sidley Austin a law firm in Chicago from From 1984 to 1988, Dohrn was employed by the law firm Sidley Austin, although her criminal record has prevented her from being admitted to either the New York or Illinois bar. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bernardine_Dohrn 

Michelle Obama graduated from Harvard Law School in 1988. But she likely also was a summer associate in 1987 and likely 1986. Barack Obama was assigned to her in 1989 when he was a summer associate from Harvard Law School. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Barack_Obama 

He entered Harvard Law School in 1988.[9] More links and excerpts: 

https://oldatlanticlighthouse.wordpress.com/2008/04/18/northwestern-law-prof-bernardine-dohrn-weather-underground/   

Steve Sailer on Michelle Obama 
http://www.vdare.com/sailer/080225_michelle_obama.htm   

Michelle's Princeton thesis: 
http://blog.vdare.com/archives/2008/02/22/michelle-obama-thesis-found-download-it-here/   

James Fulford quotes Politico 

Michelle Obama's senior year thesis at Princeton University, obtained exclusively from the campaign by Politico , shows a document written by a young woman grappling with a society in which a black Princeton alumnus might only be allowed to remain ""on the periphery."" Read the full thesis here: Part 1 , Part 2 , Part 3 , Part 4 . Michelle Obama thesis was on racial divide – Jeffrey Ressner – Politico.com 

Sidley Austin likely recognized this in Michelle even if she didn't show them her Princeton thesis. Who better at Sidley Austin to be mentor to the author of this Princeton thesis than Bernardine Dohrn who had been number 2 on the FBI most wanted list