? 

Barack Obama was assigned to Michelle Obama in summer 1989. This may have reflected how few blacks there were at Sidley Austin, especially from Harvard Law School or the equivalent. Dohrn got her J.D. from University of Chicago Law School. Since she is a prof at Northwestern despite her background, we might infer she was very smart and understanding. So she was the perfect person to be the mentor for Michelle Obama at Sidley Austin. 

The above is speculation, hypotheses or opinion. All statements should be restated as questions. All other disclaimers apply."" 

""Webcasting is the distribution of media files through the internet. The earliest webcast equivalent of an online concert and one of the earliest examples of webcasting itself was by Apple Computer 's Webcasting Group in partnership with the entrepreneurs Michael Dorf and Andrew Rasiej . Together with David B. Pakman from Apple, they launched the Macintosh New York Music Festival from July 17–22, 1995. This event audio webcast concerts from more than 15 clubs in New York City. Apple later webcast a concert by Metallica on June 10, 1996 live from Slim's in San Francisco.[ 3 ] 

In 1995, Benford E. Standley produced one of the first audio/video webcasts in history.[4] On October 31, 1996, UK rock band Caduseus broadcast their one-hour concert from 11pm to 12am (UT) at Celtica in Machynlleth, Wales, UK – the first live streamed audio and simultaneous live streamed video multicast – around the globe to more than twenty direct ""mirrors"" in more than twenty countries.[5][ 6 ]"" 

""Serco Processes 2 Millionth Patent Application for U.S. Patent and Trademark Office Date: 18 Mar 2013 Serco Inc., a leading provider of professional, technology, and management services to the federal government, announced today that their Pre-Grant Publication (PGPubs) Classification Services team recently processed their 2 millionth patent application for the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office (USPTO). Each application was also processed within the contractually required 28-day window."" 

""BREAKING: @HillaryClinton's E-Mail Server Company Got Almost $1 Million In Gov't Loans After Wiping E-Mails   
OCTOBER 26, 2016  
BY CHARLES C. JOHNSON 6 COMMENTS  
Give it up already. It's over. K. J. Gillenwater was the primary researcher behind this story. 

Hillary Clinton's e-mail server company got almost $1 million in government loans starting immediately after they were secretly asked to wipe Hillary Clinton's name from her e-mails. 

Platte River Networks (PRN) got a $493,000 loan from the Small Business Administration in August 2014 and another $350,000 loan in September 2015: 

Public government data available as USAspending.gov 

The first half-million dollar loan arrived not one month after PRN employee Paul Combetta was caught accidentally revealing his company was deleting evidence at Hillary's request in July 2014 . 

The second $350,000 loan came about one year later. 

You won't hear this stuff from the lying mainstream media. Keep the GotNews mission alive: donate at GotNews.com/donate or send tips to editor@gotnews.com. If you'd like to join our research team, contacteditor@gotnews.com. 

After getting the first loan, PRN moved to a large office space after previously working out of the owner’s condo. The head of the Small Business Administration is Maria Contreras-Sweet , a Mexican immigrant who was appointed to the office by Barack Obama two months before Hillary's PRN got the first loan. 

WikiLeaks leaks have proven Hillary's corrupt pay-to-play scheme. GotNews has shined a light on how Hillary gets favors from Hispanic and Democratic government bureaucrats before . 

Did Hillary Clinton pay her e-mail server company Platte River Networks (PRN) with almost $1 million in favorable government loans — given out by a political friendly — in order to alter her illegal e-mails and get her name off them? 

It sure looks like it. 

A Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request has been lodged for more information. 

Stay tuned for more. 

K. J. Gillenwater was the primary researcher behind this story.""  

""Police conclude search of Starnet   
CBC News Posted: Aug 24, 1999 11:26 AM ET Last Updated: Aug 24, 1999 11:26 AM ET  
Police have wrapped up several days of searching the offices of Starnet Communications in Vancouver. They entered the company offices and homes of some directors on Friday. 

Police were looking for evidence of illegal gambling, distributing child pornography, and money laundering. Since the raid, Starnet officials say police just don't understand their business. 

The search warrant details 18 months of police investigation. It traces a network of companies registered in American and Caribbean jurisdictions. 

The warrant also identifies Vancouver as the centre of Starnet's operations, even though this is a grey under Canadian law. 

Police note that Starnet's revenues grew dramatically in the past two years, from betting and sex shows and from lucrative licensing agreements for its gaming software. The investigations and pornography from company sites were grounds for Friday's raid and seizure of company materials. 

RCMP Constable Peter Thiessen says investigators left Starnet offices yesterday morning. He says, ""They spent the better part of three days going through the business. And as a result of that search the investigation is continuing, but no charges have been laid."" Starnet's many investors were spooked by the raid. Share prices dropped almost 70-percent on Friday. However, the company insists the raid had minimal effect on its operation. Stocks rose slightly yesterday after a day of very heavy trading. 

In written statements, company CEO Mark Dohlen said the Wall Street Journal calls Starnet the leader in Internet gaming and entertainment. He says companies like his, those on the cutting edge, are often misunderstood. Yesterday, Starnet announced it will sell off the sex side of its business. It plans to focus more resources on gaming. 

The Police investigation is expected to last for several more months."" 

""Super Serco bulldozes ahead  
By DAILY MAIL REPORTER UPDATED: 23:00 GMT, 1 September 2004 
SERCO has come a long way since the 1960s when it ran the 'four-minute warning' system to alert the nation to a ballistic missile attack. 

Today its £10.3bn order book is bigger than many countries' defence budgets. It is bidding for a further £8bn worth of contracts and sees £16bn of 'opportunities'. 

Profit growth is less ballistic. The first-half pre-tax surplus rose 4% to £28.1m, net profits just 1% to £18m. Stripping out goodwill, the rise was 17%, with dividends up 12.5% to 0.81p. 

Serco runs the Docklands Light Railway, five UK prisons, airport radar and forest bulldozers in Florida.""  

"" Serco farewell to NPL after 19 years of innovation 8 January 2015 Serco said goodbye to the National Physical Laboratory (NPL) at the end of December 2014 after 19 years of extraordinary innovation and science that has seen the establishment build a world-leading reputation and deliver billions of pounds of benefit for the UK economy. During that period under Serco 's management and leadership, NPL has delivered an extraordinary variety and breadth of accomplishments for the UK's economy and industry. Some of the key achievements during that time have been:… It has been estimated that work carried out by the Centre of Carbon Measurement at NPL will save eight million tonnes of carbon emissions reductions (2% of UK footprint) and over half a billion pounds in economic benefit over the next decade…. NPL's caesium fountain atomic clock is accurate to 1 second in 158 million years and NPL is playing a key role in introducing rigour to high frequency trading [for Serco 's front running banks] in the City through NPL [Zulu] Time."" 

""UK Cabinet Office – Emergency Planning College – Serco …..Types of Exercise Workshop Exercises These are structured discussion events where participants can explore issues in a less pressurised environment. They are an ideal way of developing solutions, procedures and plans rather than the focus being on decision making. Table Top Exercises These involve a realistic scenario and will follow a time line, either in real-time or with time jumps to concentrate on the more important areas. The participants would be expected to be familiar with the plans and procedures that are being used although the exercise tempo and complexity can be adjusted to suit the current state of training and readiness. Simulation and media play can be used to support the exercise. Table-top exercises help develop teamwork and allow participants to gain a better understanding of their roles and that of other agencies and organisations. Command/Control Post Exercises These are designed primarily to exercise the senior leadership and support staff in collective planning and decision making within a strategic grouping. Ideally such exercises would be run from the real command and control locations and using their communications and information systems [Feeling lucky, Punk?] . This could include a mix of locations and varying levels of technical simulation support. The Gold Standard system is flexible to allow the tempo and intensity to be adjusted to ensure maximum training benefit, or to fully test and evaluate the most important aspects of a plan. Such exercises also test information flow, communications, equipment, procedures, decision making and coordination. Live Exercises These can range from testing individual components of a system or organisation through to a full-scale rehearsal. They are particularly useful where there are regulatory requirements or with high-risk situations. They are more complex and costly to organise and deliver but can be integrated with Command Post Exercises as part of a wider exercising package.""  

""Christopher Rajendran Hyman CBE (born 5 July 1963 in Durban, South Africa)[1] was Chief Executive of Serco Group plc from 2002 to October 2013.[2] … On graduation, he worked for Arthur Andersen. In 1989, he won an 18-month exchange with Ernst & Young in London, who employed him after four months.[1] Head hunted i