aims that Antony Wiener, Huma Abedin and Michelle Obama ('WHO') have been leaking classified information and pornographic images of torture killings to spies allegedly embedded by the Clinton Foundation in the Federal Bridge Certification Authority network. 

2. AD claims that former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton authorized Serco operatives at the Defense Ammunition Center to ship ammo, RPGs, mortars and training equipment to an annex in Benghazi and prepare for the expansion of the ISIS command network into Iraq and Syria. 

3. AD claims that on 9/11-12/2012, Serco 8(a) operatives of the Defense Red Switch Network stood down first responders to a Zulu-timed mortar attack on the annex and prepared the stage for the production of a phony propaganda snuff film ""13 Hours"". 

4. United States Marine Field McConnell – Global Operations Director of Abel Danger – has offered to serve as a five-star general in a Trump administration to help Trump destroy the Clinton bridge of spies and return the Red Switch to a legitimate commander-in-chief.

13 Hours The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi Official Trailer #1 (2016) Michael Bay Movie HD    
Trump on Huma Abedin, Anthony Weiner, Hillary Clinton; 8-28-2015  
    
FBI reopens Clinton investigation as new emails found ‒ Comey 

Hillary Clinton vs. James Comey: Email Scandal Supercut  
Copy of SERCO GROUP PLC: List of Subsidiaries AND Shareholders! [Note British and Saudi Governments, AXA, HSBC , Teachers' and Gold man Sachs]    
Defense Ammunition Center [Outsourced to Serco ]   
Serco ... Would you like to know more?  

""Digital Fires Instructor Serco - Camp Pendleton, CA Uses information derived from all military disciplines (e.g., aviation, ground combat, command and control, combat service support, intelligence, and opposing forces) to determine changes in enemy capabilities, vulnerabilities, and probable courses of action."" 

""Benghazi consulate attackers used military-style tactics, say US officials  
Experts still unsure whether assault that killed 4 Americans in Libya could have been prevented  
BY MATT APUZZO AND KIMBERLY DOZIER   
September 22, 2012, 1:44 am 1 WASHINGTON (AP) — The heavily armed extremists who laid siege to the US Consulate in Libya used military-style tactics that may have steered Americans toward a waiting ambush, US officials said Friday as they pieced together details about how the compound was overrun. 

US intelligence indicates that 50 or more people, many of them masked, were responsible for the Sept. 11 assault on the US diplomatic mission in Benghazi. Gun trucks provided added firepower. The attackers set up a perimeter, controlling access in and out of the compound. A first wave of attacks sent the Americans fleeing to a fallback building, where a second group of extremists beset them with precise mortar fire. 

Intelligence reports were still coming in, but officials told The Associated Press that what may have initially seemed like a protest over an anti-Islam movie that had spun out of control now showed the hallmarks of a more sophisticated operation. 

In a country coming off a civil war, a level of battlefield savvy does not prove the attack on the compound was planned well in advance. How much planning went into the operation and whether it could have been detected or prevented remain unanswered questions, officials said. 

The attacks killed Ambassador Chris Stevens, diplomat Sean Smith and two former Navy SEALs, who US officials said were security officers guarding diplomatic officials. Stevens was visiting Benghazi from Tripoli to preside over the opening of an “American Space” cultural center. 

The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss intelligence reports. They stressed that even now authorities do not have a clear understanding of exactly what happened in Benghazi. FBI agents from New York and Washington were in Libya investigating the attack. 

""What happened in Benghazi was a terrorist attack,"" Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Friday. ""And we will not rest until we have tracked down and brought to justice the terrorists who murdered four Americans."" 

Officials have not singled out one responsible group, but have focused their attention on Ansar al-Shariah, a Libyan militant group led by a former detainee at the US military-run prison in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 

Since the civil war that ousted Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi last year, the country has been awash with rebels, militias and terrorists. Weaponry is easy to come by, both from the former regime, from weapons depots looted during the war, and from foreign powers that armed the rebellion. The origin of the weapons used in the assault on the US compound was unclear, officials said."" 

""Mortar training device with functional simulated propelling charges  
US 6059573 A  
ABSTRACT  
A full-size mortar training device which includes full-size, simulated, propelling charges is disclosed. Both 81 mm and 60 mm mortar training devices are disclosed. The device provides realistic training on virtually all aspects of mortar firing. The device allows training in target sight acquisition and mortar positioning (elevation and azimuth), sight reacquisition due to recoil, dropping a round, adjusting the number of charges, as required, to achieve a desired zone of firing distance, adjusting the projectile fuse setting to control time of explosion, provides realistic firing sound, and allows trainees to follow procedures similar to those used with standard mortar service ammunition. The device includes a cartridge projectile which contacts a pad within and at the lowermost point of the mortar barrel which is not propelled from the mortar barrel and which provides data to a computer system to determine if an area or object would have been impacted by the mortar projectile, provides analysis of trainee firing errors and provides for the simulation to be replayed for trainee instructional and other purposes. The 60 mm device includes a hand-held firing option and the 81 mm device includes a blast attenuator device to further enhance the realism of the simulation."" 

""Serco Processes 2 Millionth Patent Application for U.S. Patent and Trademark Office Date: 18 Mar 2013 Serco Inc., a leading provider of professional, technology, and management services to the federal government, announced today that their Pre-Grant Publication (PGPubs) Classification Services team recently processed their 2 millionth patent application for the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office (USPTO). Each application was also processed within the contractually required 28-day window."" 

""An Angry John Podesta Issues A Statement On ""Reopening"" Of FBI Probe   
by Tyler Durden   
Oct 28, 2016 3:57 PM While Hillary has yet to address today's stunning letter by FBI director Comey, who reported that the Federal Bureau of Investigations has ""opened"" a probe into Hillary Clinton's email as a result of ""findings"" on what the NYT reported was an electronic device belonging to Anthony Wiener, a clearly angry John Podesta, Clinton's recently hacked campaign chair, issued the following statement in Response to FBI Letter to GOP Congressional Chairmen. 

In response to the letter sent by FBI Director James Convey to eight Republican committee chairman in Congress, Hillary for America Chair John Podesta released the following statement Friday: 

Upon completing this investigation more than three months ago, FBI Director Comet' declared no reasonable prosecutor would move forward with a case like this and added that it was not even a close call. In the months since, Donald Trump and his Republican allies have been baselessly second-guessing the FBI and, in both public and private, browbeating the career officials there to revisit their conclusion in a desperate attempt to harm Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign."" 

""BREAKING: @HillaryClinton's E-Mail Server Company Got Almost $1 Million In Gov't Loans After Wiping E-Mails   
OCTOBER 26, 2016  
BY CHARLES C. JOHNSON 6 COMMENTS  
Give it up already. It's over. K. J. Gillenwater was the primary researcher behind this story. 

Hillary Clinton's e-mail server company got almost $1 million in government loans starting immediately after they were secretly asked to wipe Hillary Clinton's name from her e-mails. 

Platte River Networks (PRN) got a $493,000 loan from the Small Business Administration in August 2014 and another $350,000 loan in September 2015: 

Public government data available as USAspending.gov 

The first half-million dollar loan arrived not one month after PRN employee Paul Combetta was caught accidentally revealing his company was deleting evidence at Hillary's request in July 2014 . 

The second $350,000 loan came about one year later. 

You won't hear this stuff from the lying mainstream media. Keep the GotNews mission alive: donate at GotNews.com/donate or send tips to editor@gotnews.com. If you'd like to join our research team, contacteditor@gotnews.com. 

After getting the first loan, PRN moved to a large office space after previously working out of the owner’s condo. The head of the Small Business Administration is Maria Contreras-Sweet , a Mexican immigrant who was appointed to the office by Barack Obama two months before Hillary's PRN got the first loan. 

WikiLeaks leaks have proven Hillary's corrupt pay-to-play scheme. GotNews has shined a light on how Hillary gets favors from Hispanic and Democratic government bureaucrats before . 

Did Hillary Clinton pay her e-mail server company Platte River Networks (PRN) with almost $1 million in favorable government loans — given out by a political friendly — in order to alter her illegal e-mails and get her name off them? 

It sure looks like it. 

A Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request has been lodged for more information. 

Stay tuned for more. 

K. J. Gillenwater was the primary researcher behind this story.""  

""Super Serco bulldozes ahead  
By DAILY MAIL REPORTER UPDATED: 23:00 GMT, 1 September 2004 
SERCO has come a long way since the 1960s when it ran the 'four-minute warning' system to alert the nation to a ballistic missile attack. 

T