ter hackers that seek to obtain unauthorized information or sabotage business operations. 

Key Clients Benefiting From Our Information Security Expertise: Pentagon Renovation Program, FAA, Citigroup, MCI. 

Base One Technologies 

Expertly researches, designs, and develops information security policies that protect your data and manage your firm's information technology risk at levels acceptable to your business. 

Performs architectural assessments and conducts both internal and external penetration testing. The results of these efforts culminate in an extensive risk analysis and vulnerabilities report. 

Develops, implements and supports Information Security Counter measures such as honey-pots and evidence logging and incident documentation processes and solutions."" 

""Base One Technologies, Ltd. is a DOMESTIC BUSINESS CORPORATION, located in New York, NY and was formed on Feb 15, 1994. This file was obtained from the Secretary of State and has a file number of 1795583. "" 

""Serco's Office of Partner Relations (OPR) helps facilitate our aggressive small business utilization and growth strategies. Through the OPR, Serco mentors four local small businesses under formal Mentor Protégé Agreements: Three sponsored by DHS (Base One Technologies, TSymmetry, Inc., and HeiTech Services, Inc.,) and the fourth sponsored by GSA (DKW Communications, Inc.). Serco and HeiTech Services were awarded the 2007 DHS Mentor Protégé Team Award for exceeding our mentoring goals."" http://www.dtic.mil/whs/directives/corres/pdf/100515p.pdf 

""Opened in 1994 as the successor to the Transitional Immigrant Visa Processing Center in Rosslyn, Va., the NVC centralizes all immigrant visa pre-processing and appointment scheduling for overseas posts. The NVC collects paperwork and fees before forwarding a case, ready for adjudication, to the responsible post. 

The center also handles immigrant and fiancé visa petitions, and while it does not adjudicate visa applications, it provides technical assistance and support to visa-adjudicating consular officials overseas. 

Only two Foreign Service officers, the director and deputy director, work at the center, along with just five Civil Service employees. They work with almost 500 contract employees doing preprocessing of visas, making the center one of the largest employers in the Portsmouth area. 

The contractor, Serco , Inc., has worked with the NVC since its inception and with the Department for almost 18 years. 

The NVC houses more than 2.6 million immigrant visa files, receives almost two million pieces of mail per year and received more than half a million petitions from the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Service (USCIS) in 2011. Its file rooms' high-density shelves are stacked floor-to-ceiling with files, each a collection of someone’s hopes and dreams and each requiring proper handling. …. 

The NVC also preprocesses the chief of mission (COM) application required for the filing of a petition for a Special Immigrant Visa (SIV). Such visas, for foreign nationals who have performed services for the U.S. government in Iraq and Afghanistan, require COM concurrence before the applicant can file a petition with USCIS. The NVC collects the requisite documents from such applicants and, when complete, forwards the package to the U.S. embassies in Baghdad or Kabul for COM approval"" 

Yours sincerely, 

Field McConnell, United States Naval Academy, 1971; Forensic Economist; 30 year airline and 22 year military pilot; 23,000 hours of safety; Tel: 715 307 8222 

David Hawkins Tel: 604 542-0891 Forensic Economist; former leader of oil-well blow-out teams; now sponsors Grand Juries in CSI Crime and Safety Investigation 
"
"Source: Zero Hedge 

by Tyler Durden
Oct 29, 2016 

Last night a leaked memo was revealed, indicating FBI director James Comey's stated reasons for reopening the Clinton email probe upon discovering what now appear to be tens of thousands of Huma Abedin emails located on Anthony Weiner's notebook. Comey revealed two core reasons for the action: a sense of obligation to lawmakers and a concern that word of the new email discovery would leak to the media and raise questions of a coverup. What he did not reveal, and as has emerged overnight from a report by the New Yorker's Jane Mayer, is that Comey also acted in contravention to DOJ practices, and more importantly, acted contrary to the ""preference"" of DOJ head Loretta Lynch, whose infamous meeting with Bill Clinton on the Phoenix tarmac at the end of June will likely be reassessed in light of these latest revelations. 


According to the New Yorker, ""Comey's decision to make public new evidence that may raise additional legal questions about Clinton was contrary to the views of the Attorney General, according to a well-informed Administration official. Lynch expressed her preference that Comey follow the department's longstanding practice of not commenting on ongoing investigations, and not taking any action that could influence the outcome of an election, but he said that he felt compelled to do otherwise. "" 
Traditionally, the Justice Department has advised prosecutors and law enforcement to avoid any appearance of meddling in the outcome of elections, even if it means holding off on pressing cases . One former senior official recalled that Janet Reno, the Attorney General under Bill Clinton, ""completely shut down the prosecution of a politically sensitive criminal target prior to an election . ""She was adamant—anything that could influence the election had to go dark,"" the former official said. Please go to Zero Hedge to read the entire article. "
"Exposing the I.S.I.S. Lie: How President Obama & Hillary Clinton Created I.S.I.S. 
Scott Bennett, former Army intelligence officer, once private contractor to CIA financier Booz Allen Hamilton, and author of the book Shell Game, a military whistleblowing report to the U.S. Congress, stated he gave Rolling Stone reporter Michael Hastings information about Swiss bank accounts which directly implicated former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and President Obama in the formation of I.S.I.S., just prior to Hastings being killed in a suspicious auto accident. 


Shell Game: NSA - CIA - UBS - Booz Allen Hamilton Scandal 

Synopsis: A true story, originally submitted as a TOP SECRET/SCI military whistleblowing report to U.S. Civil Affairs - Psychological Operations Command in 2012, by an American Army Officer and State Department contractor working at the highest levels of American military intelligence, counterterrorism, and psychological warfare. This report to Congress exposed the betrayal and cover-up by the U.S. government of the Union Bank of Switzerland - Brad Birkenfeld - terrorist threat finance connection to Edward Snowden's intelligence on the National Security Agency, Central Intelligence Agency, Booz Allen Hamilton, and U.S. Central Command. This report exposed new links to Pentagon Comptroller Dov Zakheim, his son Roger Zakheim, and the Pentagon and WTC 9-11 attacks. http://www.lulu.com/spotlight/shellgame 


Buzzsaw: Money Trails, Whistleblowers & Government Secrets + Lies with Scott Bennett   
PROJECT CAMELOT: SCOTT BENNETT : CIA, SWISS BANKS FUND ISIS   
SHELL GAME: An affidavit by Scott Bennett and Michael Jay   "
"Jimstone.is 
October 29 2016 

DO NOT FORGIVE THE MSM 

The MSM turned on Hillary. The FBI turned on Hillary. WANT TO KNOW WHY? Because in Florida, where they flipped a HUGE number of votes, Trump still had 68 percent of the vote. Nationwide they did not have the vote scam machines everywhere, and when that got averaged in, Trump took 82 percent of the votes nationwide EVEN WITH THE STOLEN VOTES SUBTRACTED FROM THE AVERAGE. THE FBI, FOX, CNN, EVERYONE ELSE KNEW THE GIG WAS UP, AND IS NOW ONLY MOVING TO SAY ""SORRY"" SO THEY DON'T GO TO JAIL. 

Well, I've got news for you: they are still the same lying despicable malfunctioning trash scum they always were; THEY SHOWED THEIR WORTH, and we would be IDIOTS to forgive them, no matter how badly they burn Hillary. 

CNN is despicable trash; we all witnessed it. NEVER FORGIVE THEM , because they have proven their worth already. No matter what they do, they can't recover from what they have done: they are garbage, a disease, bleach-worthy filth, and I hope Trump ERASES THEM. DITTO FOR ALL of the rest of the MSM, including The Huffington Post, Snopes, ABC-CBS-FOX-YOUNAMEIT – ALL of them are the lowest of filth that is now heading for the darkness of the nearest sewer to get away from the coming bulldozer. 

THE FBI is a trash agency, along with the rest of American intelligence, which only works to serve the enemy for as long as it thinks its head will not be cut off. ALL of the FBI MUST BE DISBANDED and EVERYONE in the FBI should be blackballed and never allowed to work again, with the top echelons jailed for life for treason. THEY LIED ABOUT 9-11 AND THEY KNEW IT , and have proven they serve one purpose: to protect evil. Ditto for the CIA, the NSA, the DHS, the TSA, and all the rest of the trash. All of it needs to go; there is not one fragment of it that should be salvaged. 

So they are all running like rats for cover: they know they blew it, they know they are going to be bagged for heinous crimes against America. Now they are putting on the biggest fakest show the world will ever witness. As if they cared! They never did care, and I hope to God Trump has a memory longer than the average jarhead and bags every last one of them when he has his day. They had BETTER run for the gates and ditch the country just like they said they would if he got elected – because if not, they are heading straight to the gates of justice. 

I would like to thank everyone in the alt-media who made this happen. And I would also like to say that I said it all along as it was and NEVER backed off: Hillary never had more than 8 percent national support. This is something I said repeatedly: that Trump was always 80+ percent supported, and I never wavered and never once posted bullshit like OH, LET'S REJOICE, TRUMP IS AT 51 PERCENT! That was always a trap – a scam, to justify stealing the election – and I called it as it was. 

Our job is