 not over 

The rot is there. It is deeply rooted, with fungus roots running all the way through the country. One bottle of bleach is not going to do more than spot-clean the surface. We won this battle, and it is NOT time to sit down. The alt-media cannot rest until CNN and all of the rest of the MSM is either bankrupted or jailed. The alt-media CANNOT rest for as long as Google is allowed to wage war on websites like this one by refusing to allow it ads. If this website were allowed ads, it would easily self-fund with $12,000 plus per month (and would probably have more than $24,000 per month). Denial of ads just because someone disagrees and has a monopoly established via full control of various ad firms is a flagrant violation of antitrust laws, and has to be stopped dead cold. 

The alt-media cannot stop until every last criminal in the FBI is jailed BY THE FBI. I am sick of the bait tactics and false flag psyops fronted by that agency: heads have GOT TO ROLL, PILES OF THEM, especially since it has been proven that it was the FBI itself that did the first World Trade Center bombing, with the full intent to bring one of the towers down. That's the type of agency that has got to be shuttered – or we are all toast, Trump or not. Yeah, I know YOU, at the FBI, are reading this. GO TO HELL. 

Our job will not be over until the CIA is cleaned out. Our job is not over until the American Bar Association is disbanded as the criminal bloodsucking hive it is. Our job is not over until the top executives at the medical companies that produced the tainted autism-inflicting vaccines hang with stretched necks. Our job will not be over until every last liberal arts and women's studies department of all universities have their staffs jailed for treason. They gutted the home front in a manner which was horrific beyond belief. Our job is not over until all of America's great libraries are fully restored after being totally wiped out by the Jews, and ALL scientific journals and works once again become fully free and public domain. Our job will not be over until the child-snatching CPS is shut down and their feed for their slave trade is cut off. Our job will not be over until American corporations begin to fight for America, and bring our jobs and American quality back. 

The list of what the alt-media needs to accomplish now that it appears the first huge battle has been won is practically endless. But I believe the alt-media is up to the task, and will succeed as long as ONE THING IS CEMENTED IN STONE: 



JULIAN ASSANGE IS OBVIOUSLY DEAD. 

Consider these facts, and then figure the odds of him being alive: 

1. Wikileaks' DNS server was suddenly pointed elsewhere. That's right: that night, in the wee hours of the morning after Pamela was there (to poison him), police in an armored vehicle showed up at the embassy; and THAT NIGHT, the DNS server pointed to a different IP address for Wikileaks, and GOOGLE updated everything instantly, so the transfer was completely seamless from the real Wikileaks server to the fake Wikileaks server that was at a completely different IP address. 

2. Mr. Assange's subsequent tweets were noticeably more hostile and attacked his most loyal supporters. I reported this repeatedly. 

3. Mr. Assange's tweets regularly misspelled the names of some of his closest friends whom he has known for decades (Gavin McFadyen became McFayden, for example). McFadyen, 76, the director of Wikileaks, was found dead three days after Assange started having mystery problems. This is something I made a huge issue of here. 

4. Streams of disinformation were spewed. 

5. Themes supported by Mr. Assange for years were then knocked down or discredited by his subsequent tweets and communications. Very bad timing with that. Everyone with a brain noticed this, and it lit up the forums and blogs. 

6. ""Body double"" rumors have been circulated and documented. 

7. New, strange, hitherto unknown moderators of Wikileaks have suddenly been installed. 

8. His ""deadman switch"" WAS ACTIVATED BEFORE THE ARMORED VEHICLE EVEN SHOWED UP AT THE EMBASSY, which means Assange probably manually triggered it after he figured out he was poisoned. Much of his stored data and secret website PINs were to be released in the event of his untimely death (I released both deadman switches here, one encrypted and one unencrypted). 

All of this happened right after Pamela Anderson showed up with a lunch that was no doubt poisoned, and the media talked all about how Assange was ""pale"" and ""not feeling well"" when she left, and that he said the food Pamela brought him was ""torture"". Good for a laugh in the inside circles to have this go out on the MSM, no doubt. 

MY TAKE: ASSANGE WAS POISONED, AND THEN REMOVED FROM THE EMBASSY IN AN ARMORED VEHICLE. This was clearly visible in a live feed someone set up that night because something was amiss, and I saw that and stayed up the entire night for it. That is why I so strongly stated that he can't possibly still be at the embassy. Perhaps he got medical care to save him and is now being waterboarded. 

If the new ""wikileak releases"" are real, they are NOT coming from the Wikileaks server – only a re-direct to a different server in the name of Wikileaks. The IP address change proves it, and we can only hope it is white hats doing it. It seems so, but one can only guess. 

Related: 

Did Google Kill Julian Assange? "
"Gilad Atzmon 
October 29, 2016

Top five donors to Clinton campaign are Jewish 


The Jewish Chronicle reports this weekend that the ""five biggest donors to Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign are all Jewish."" 

Donald Sussman, hedge fund Manager; 

Jay Robert Pritzker venture Capitalist 

Haim Saban, Israeli-American media tycoon 

George Soros, speculator 

Daniel Abraham, founder of SlimFast 

The only open question is whether the American people are ready to connect the dots? In the last few months we have been reading that American Jews are concerned by the sharp rise in antisemitism in the land of the free. I guess that manyAmerican Jews have connected the dots already. They grasp that once again, Jewish elite is playing a very dangerous game on their expense. 

One would expect Jews in general and Jewish oligarchs in particular to draw the necessary conclusion from Jewish history. Somehow this never happens. The same disastrous mistakes are repeated. As we know, the consequences are grave "
"Source: Zero Hedge 

October 30, 2016

Conspiracy theories have swirled in recent days as to why FBI Director James Comey reopened Hillary's email investigation after just closing it back in July concluding that, although Hillary had demonstrated gross negligence in her establishment of a private email server, that ""no reasonable prosecutor"" would bring a case against her. Democrats, after lavishing Comey with praise for months on concluding his investigation in an ""impartial"" way, have since lashed out at him for seeking to influence the 2016 election cycle with Hillary herself describing his recent actions as ""deeply troubling"". Republicans, on the other hand, have praised Comey's recent efforts as an attempt to correct a corrupt investigation that seemingly ignored critical evidence while granting numerous immunity agreements to Clinton staffers. 

According to the Daily Mail , and a source close to James Comey, the decision, at least in part, came after he ""could no longer resist mounting pressure by mutinous agents in the FBI"" who ""felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist."" 
James Comey's decision to revive the investigation of Hillary Clinton's email server and her handling of classified material came after he could no longer resist mounting pressure by mutinous agents in the FBI , including some of his top deputies, according to a source close to the embattled FBI director. 

'The atmosphere at the FBI has been toxic ever since Jim announced last July that he wouldn't recommend an indictment against Hillary,' said the source, a close friend who has known Comey for nearly two decades, shares family outings with him, and accompanies him to Catholic mass every week. 

'Some people, including department heads, stopped talking to Jim, and even ignored his greetings when they passed him in the hall,' said the source. 'They felt that he betrayed them and brought disgrace on the bureau by letting Hillary off with a slap on the wrist.' 

According to the source, Comey fretted over the problem for months and discussed it at great length with his wife, Patrice. 

He told his wife that he was depressed by the stack of resignation letters piling up on his desk from disaffected agents. The letters reminded him every day that morale in the FBI had hit rock bottom. 

'The people he trusts the most have been the angriest at him,' the source continued. 'And that includes his wife, Pat. She kept urging him to admit that he had been wrong when he refused to press charges against the former secretary of state. Though we're sure there are many facets behind Comey's decision making process, we can all be quite certain, at this point, that he's not motivated by a desire to make friends having now alienated just about everyone in Washington, both in law enforcement and in both political parties. In fact, after Tim Kaine just last week praised Comey as a ""wonderful"" career public servant with the ""highest standards of integrity"".... 

Flashback: Kaine Praises FBI Director Comey On Clinton Email Investigation   
Please go to to Zero Hedge read the entire article."
"
"
"United States Marine Field McConnell  Plum City Online - ( AbelDanger.net )  October 31, 2016 
1. Abel Danger ( AD ) claims that Clinton Foundation donors use 8(a) servers for online assassination betting and the trade in child pornography and torture killings as first staged in 1996 at pig farm raves in B.C. allegedly sponsored by so-called 'Libranos' in the Canadian government. 

2. AD claims that Hillary Clinton or her aide Huma Abedin hired pedophile pimps to entrap and extort the directors of Boeing into mentoring the Federal Bridge Certification Author