 NOT FORGIVE : it was BANG ON, they did this because they HAD TO, not because they had any intention at all of being good, and it really is time to drain the swamp. 

Now let's all sit and wait for the suicide of Preet Bharara , the U.S. Prosecuting Attorney for the Southern District of New York, and the NYPD who pushed this into the light. He's now a target of the FBI, the DNC, the Clinton death machine and God knows what else. PREDICTION (and I do not make predictions): THE DIRECTOR OF INVESTIGATIONS FOR THE NYPD WILL ""COMMIT SUICIDE"" WITHIN 5 DAYS. He's a walking dead man. 

The circle of crime in Washington DC is so entrenched and so intertwined that if you poke one part of it, there is a good chance the whole show will fall apart. Poking that monster in a way that hurts is something I do not believe anyone will survive; Preet might as well call himself a zombie. 

The NYPD TRUMPED the FBI! That is why they had to investigate Hillary! 

Well well, the NYPD is what busted the Hillary mails open while they were looking for kiddie stuff on Weiner's laptop, and THAT is why the FBI was forced to investigate Hillary. They had no choice. NYPD TRUMPS FBI!!! 

Related: 

Insiders Threaten to Expose Hillary's Pedophile Sex Ring!!!   "
"Source: 70News 

October 31, 2016 Updated on November 1, 2016 

• John Podesta: Kadzik was a ""fantastic lawyer"" who ""kept me out of jail."" 

• Podesta and Kadzik, the assistant attorney general for legislative affairs, were in frequent contact, other emails show. 

• Both were classmates at Georgetown Law School in the 1970s, discussed plans to celebrate Podesta's birthday. And in another sent last May, Kadzik's son emailed Podesta asking for a job on the Clinton campaign. 

• Kadzik lobbied Podesta ( then WH Chief of Staff ) to pardon his billionaire, tax dodger fugitive client Marc Rich, whose wife gave $1 million to the Clintons and other Democrats prior to the pardon. FBI Director James Comey is now trying to do the right thing and correct the deed cleaning up the mud he and Hillary Clinton put all over the face of FBI agency. By reopening Hillary Clinton's case, thanks to 650k-emails linked to sex scandal of Huma Abedin's husband Anthony Weiner and the mutiny of FBI agents who won't put up with Comey's crap, we are suppose to finally get justice. 

But guess what? DOJ assigned a Clinton ally and John Podesta's very close friend Peter Kadzik to take charge of the new investigation. 

In a letter to Congress, the DOJ writes that it ""will continue to work closely with the FBI and together, dedicate all necessary resources and take appropriate steps as expeditiously as possible,"" assistant attorney General Peter J. Kadzik writes in letters to House and Senate lawmakers. 

WHO IS PETER KADZIK? 

According to an excellent article published by DAILY CALLER: 

The day after Hillary Clinton testified in front of the House Select Committee on Benghazi last October, John Podesta, the Democrat's campaign chairman, met for dinner with a small group of well-connected friends, including Peter Kadzik, a top official at the Justice Department. 

The dinner arrangement, revealed in hacked Podesta emails released by WikiLeaks, is just the latest example of an apparent conflict of interest between the Clinton campaign and the federal agency charged with investigating the former secretary of state's email practices. 


Podesta and Kadzik, the assistant attorney general for legislative affairs, were in frequent contact, other emails show. In one email from January, Kadzik and Podesta, who were classmates at Georgetown Law School in the 1970s, discussed plans to celebrate Podesta's birthday. And in another sent last May, Kadzik's son emailed Podesta asking for a job on the Clinton campaign. 

The post-Benghazi dinner was attended by Podesta, Kadzik, superlobbyist Vincent Roberti and other well-placed Beltway fixtures. 

Kadzik, who started at the DOJ in 2013, helped spearhead the effort to nominate Lynch, who was heavily criticized for her secret meeting with the former president. 

In the trenches 

Podesta and Kadzik have a long history — one which has largely gone unnoticed during the ongoing Clinton email scandal. 

Kadzik represented Podesta during the Monica Lewinsky investigation. And in the waning days of the Bill Clinton administration, Kadzik lobbied Podesta on behalf of Marc Rich, the fugitive who Bill Clinton controversially pardoned on his last day in office. 

That history is cited by Podesta in another email hacked from his Gmail account. 

In a Sept. 2008 email , which the Washington Free Beacon flagged last week, Podesta emailed an Obama campaign official to recommend Kadzik for a supportive role in the campaign. 

Podesta, who would later head up the Obama White House transition effort, wrote that Kadzik was a ""fantastic lawyer"" who ""kept me out of jail."" 

Podesta had been promoted to Clinton’s chief of staff when he and Kadzik became embroiled in another scandal. 

Kadzik was then representing Marc Rich, a billionaire financier who was wanted by the U.S. government for evading a $48 million tax bill. The fugitive, who was also implicated in illegal trading activity with nations that sponsored terrorism, had been living in Switzerland for 17 years when he sought the pardon. 

To help Rich, Kadzik lobbied Podesta heavily in the weeks before Clinton left office on Jan. 20, 2001. 

A House Oversight Committee report released in May 2002 stated that ""Kadzik was recruited into Marc Rich's lobbying campaign because he was a long-time friend of White House Chief of Staff John Podesta."" 

The report noted that Kadzik contacted Podesta at least seven times regarding Rich’s pardon. 

On top of the all-hands-on-deck lobbying effort, Rich's ex-wife, Denise Rich, had doled out more than $1 million to the Clintons and other Democrats prior to the pardon. She gave $100,000 to Hillary Clinton's New York Senate campaign and another $450,000 to the Clinton presidential library.

SOMETHING STINKS (again)! Peter J. Kadzik a Assistant Attorney General having dinner with Podesta WHILE FBI is investigating HRC? Nice! -VJ pic.twitter.com/xVjiRwQMCz — RealVinnieJames (@RealVinnieJames) October 30, 2016 

"
"The words Extraordinary Claims needs to be banished when talking Extraterrestrials page: 1 link I was reading an article that talked about Extraterrestrials the other day and of course at the end of the article the tired line about Extraordinary measures....blah, blah, blah came out towards the end of the article. This needs to stop when talking about Extraterrestrials. It may have been an extraordinary claim 60 years ago but it's not today. With the scientific evidence we have today, many people including one of the top Scientist of our time has reached the conclusion that Extraterrestrials exist based on the evidence. Hawking said,""Aliens almost certainly exist."" These are conclusions reached based on the evidence not extraordinary claims. The article was on a possible signal that could be of Extraterrestrial origin. This signal matches a prediction made in 2012 and it's just science. This is what was said at the end of the article and it's this type of thinking that needs to stop. With things like water found on other planets, exoplanets in habitable zones, extremophiles in places we thought life couldn't exist, building blocks of life found on comets and more, saying Extraterrestrials exist isn't an extraordinary claim but a possible explanation based on the evidence. Here's what was said. “The one in 10,000 objects with unusual spectra seen by Borra and Trottier are certainly worthy of additional study,” the team said in a statement. “However, extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence. “It is too early to unequivocally attribute these purported signals to the activities of extraterrestrial civilizations. Internationally agreed-upon protocols for searches for evidence of advanced life beyond Earth (SETI) require candidates to be confirmed by independent groups using their own telescopes, and for all natural explanations to be exhausted before invoking extraterrestrial agents as an explanation. www.independent.co.uk... First, the Scientist who are behind this study never said UNEQUIVOCALLY. This is an old tactic that's used by some people on this board from time to time. They can't debate the evidence presented so they try to make it seem as you made a blanket sstatement. The Scientist say ""PROBABLY"" right there on the updated comments on their published paper. Here's what they said: But they make clear that further work will need to be done to confirm or deny that hypothesis. That will need to be done by watching for the same signals on different equipment so that all other explanations can be discarded. Again, NOBODY SAID UNEQUIVOCALLY. I hate it when people do that. This is why I always ask people to quote me where I said this or that because when people can't debate the evidence they try to debate against things that were never said. They also said this: ALL natural explanations need to be exhausted BEFORE Extraterrestrials are invoked as a possible explanation. WHAT!!! That makes no sense. This standard would make it almost impossible to find an Extraterrestrial signal. In most cases ALL natural explanations will never be exhausted so we will have to talk about these things in terms of probability and what's most likely and least likely at least at first. Look, it's easy to cherry pick after the fact. Like I said, an earlier study about the search for Extraterrestrials PREDICTED that we would see these signals and that would be evidence to support the hypothesis. That's just Science. If you look at the sentence, it says BEFORE you can even invoke Extraterrestrials as a possible explanation. Again, that's absurd. Extraterrestrial existence needs to be looked at as a possible explanation based on the observed evidence not an extraordinary claim. edit on 26-10-2016 by neoholographic because: (no reason given)"
"link Hey People: I always enjoy your threads, though I think you focus too much on a singular belief issue or pattern, and then it becomes self affirming for you in y