our research. First, this: But voices actual voices in your head is always mental illness. Sorry, maybe a stress reaction, not to be judgmental, happens to the best and such, just really not what I am trying to convey here. Though I believe you are quite intelligent, I don't think you are qualified, exactly, to make that wholesale, definitive judgement. You even contradict that by referencing Dr. Vinod's ""channeling"" of the Nine in 1952. Channeling, by definition, (from Dictionary.com) means in one sense: the practice of professedly entering a meditative or trancelike state in order to convey messages from a spiritual guide. Surely this process would involve the sensory structure of hearing. I don't wish to debate voice to skull tech with you because I don't sense this is really what your thread is about. But there have been lawsuits waged and won over such technology being used to harass people, who don't test as schizophrenic or any other DSM related diagnosis that would explain auditory hallucinations, indicating mental illness. Now, that's not to say that anyone hearing voices is being technologically harassed. But saying definitively it's always mental illness does a disservice to the search for knowledge, and stopping such technology being used on people. link to lawsuit PSYCHOTRONIC WEAPONS-SPACE PRESERVATION ACT-House Resolution bill 2977-Brain manipulation from a distance-2001-2002 Last year, in October, the Congressman Dennis J. Kucinich introduced in the American Congress a bill, obliging the American president to get engaged in the negotiations aimed at the ban of space based weapons. In this bill the definition of a weapon system includes: any other unacknowledged or as yet undeveloped means inflicting death or injury on, or damaging or destroying, a person (or the biological life, bodily health, mental health, or physical and economic well-being of a person) through the use of land-based, sea-based, or space-based systems using radiation, electromagnetic, psychotronic, sonic, laser, or other energies directed at individual persons or targeted populations or the purpose of information war, mood management, or mind control of such persons or populations"" (12). As in all legislative acts quoted in this article the bill counts with sound, light or electromagnetic stimulation of human brain. Psychotronic weapons remain, at least for a layman uninformed of secret military research, in the sphere of science fiction, since so far none of the published scientific experiments was presented in the way which would allow for its replication. That it is feasible to manipulate human behavior with the use of subliminal, either sound or visual, messages is now generally known. This is why in most of the countries the use of such technologies, without consent of the user, is banned. Devices using light for the stimulation of the brain show another way how the light flashing in certain frequencies could be used for the manipulation of human psychic life. As for the sound, a report on the device transmitting a beam of sound waves, which can hear only persons at whom the beam of sound waves is targeted, appeared last year in the world newspapers. The beam is formed by a combination of sound and ultrasound waves which causes that a person targeted by this beam hears the sound inside of his head. Such a perception could easily convince the human being that it is mentally ill. The acts presented in this article suggest that with the development of technology and knowledge of the functioning of human brain new ways of manipulation of human mind keep emerging. One of them seems to be the electromagnetic energy. Though in the open scientific literature only some 30 experiments were published, supporting this assumption (1),(2), already in 1974, in the USSR, after successful testing with military unit in Novosibirsk, the installation Radioson (Radiosleep) was registered with the Government Committee on the Matters of Inventions and Discoveries of the USSR, described as a method of induction of sleep by means of radio waves (3), (4), (5)… 22. Dear Senator-Attorney Letter included: We seek your office’s assistance in initiating hearings and a fact-finding congressional inquiry into the government agencies and/or private companies that are targeting citizens. Many citizens are desperate to be freed from the disturbing, intrusive and oppressive targeting. Evidence supports the conclusion that weapons exist that could be used against individuals, based on U.S. Patent and Trademark Office filings, public releases by agencies, and other technologies that indicate the level of technological sophistication. The weapons are believed to be based on electromagnetism, microwaves, sonic waves, lasers and other types of directed energy, and were characterized as “psychotronic” in Rep. Dennis Kucinich’s draft of House Resolution 2977, the Space Preservation Act of 2001. Furthermore, it is undeniable that government agencies have tested citizens without permission in the past; for example, the CIA’s human experimentation discussed in Orlikow v. U.S., 682 F.Supp. 77 (D.D.C. 1988), secretly administered lysergic acid diethylamide discussed in United States v. Stanley, 483 U.S. 669 (1987), and military chemical experimentation as discussed in Congressional Committee Report 103-97, 103d Congress, 2d Session, S. Prt. 103-97 (Dec. 8, 1994). Lastly, the sheer numbers of people complaining of being targeted, including people with post-graduate degrees and a lifetime of achievements, and the similarities in symptoms tend to outweigh a dismissive response based on charges of anecdotal evidence or group paranoia. there is a certain risk of sounding too conspiratorial, however, common denominators such as physical symptoms and medical reports, surveillance scenarios, harassment techniques, and more can be readily established. I highly recommend reading in full the details of this lawsuit, containing a great deal of verifiable information. The military has admitted for some time to having, at the least, a non lethal (lol) weapon called active denial. But this rabbit hole goes much, much deeper. Having said all that, as I've said before in one of your threads, I think it wise to consider that it's not just one thing or another. It's many things. There could be aliens, for instance. And then there could be MILABS, leaving the person with the memory of an alien abduction, rather than their being used for human experimentation, which is supposed to be against our constitution, and most certainly against our human rights. And then people can also suffer from temporal lobe, seizure like hallucinations, but one must also remember that these can most certainly be induced, artificially, as well. In short, I think your rabbit hole is only making it to the gopher level regards,"
"UFO over the East Valley here in AZ last night. page: 1 link I couldn't take any pictures I live in West Mesa and the lights were way East. Over Queen Creek area. Lots of my friends and family started calling me right when the lights started happening so I went out to my balcony and there they were. Some people got some pretty good videos. I know some people will say they are flares from a plane but if they are flares why do they dispensary right away. Typically if its a flare it will stay ignited for a short period of time. Kinda nuts. I only witnessed the later 3 lights when it was dark out. It was pretty cool to see and stopped soon after it started. What does ATS think??? edit on 26-10-2016 by PraetorianAZ because: (no reason given)"
"Found this nugget in Podesta files Fastwalkers and DSP Program page: 1 Found this in the Podesta files, ID # 30433. It's probably well known already, just thought I'd post it just in case. Podesta had forwarded this letter he received onto Leslie Kean. Date: 2015-03-06 John – Just tuck this in your UFO files for future reference. One of the government programs that collects hard data on unidentified flying objects is the USAF DSP satellite program. I can add a little insight to rumors published on the web. While I was never fully briefed into the DSP operation directly, I was introduced to them as the US prepared for Operation Desert Shield and Desert Storm. On occasion, I had lunch with a few of them in the cafeteria of a highly classified organization in El Segundo, CA. No one could get into the cafeteria without TS/SCI clearances, so this was not “lightweight group of gossipers.” One of these times, a member of that group was really excited – said they’d just picked up Fastwalker (I assumed that same day). He described how it entered our atmosphere from “deep space” (origin actually unknown, of course, but from the backside of the satellite) and zipped by the DSP satellite pretty closely on its way to earth. Not only was it going very fast but it made a 30 degree course correction (turn) which means it did not have a ballistic (free fall) reentry trajectory that a meteorite might have. So, it was under some sort of control – although whether it was “manned” or just “robotic” there’s no way to tell. Although its now 24 years later, one factoid makes me think the USAF is still collecting information on these Fastwalkers. Reading the current official USAF “DSP Fact Sheet” there is this line near the end: In addition, researchers at The Aerospace Corporation have used DSP to develop portions of a hazard support system that will aid public safety in the future. www.losangeles.af.mil... Also, much of the information on this site is accurate although I do not know the author or his sources: ufodigest.com... Somewhere within that USAF program office is many year’s worth of Fastwalker data. If someone were to collect and analyze it, patterns will emerge that provide information about the various types of craft and their destinations, which would add substantiation to eyewitness claims on the ground about UFO activity. Furthermore, it would be interesting to understand the dates of these appearances – is there a certain time of the every year they swarm in (which might indicate a resource mining operation) or might there be a correlation 