with major events on earth, (such as the detonation of the first atomic bomb at White Sands in 1945 although no DSP’s existed to provide any info on that particular event)? Regards,"
"You have a work bunker? What is it exactly that you do? Man if the world went to crap, the last thing i would be concerned about is ensuring my employer keeps the loot rolling in lol. In fact if that does go down, im jumping in my truck with a motivational ""item"" and coming to work to stock up. The mine site has enough food for 500 people a for 2 weeks at a time. I live out in the country. Im On well water, 1000 liter propane tank for heat and out door boiler. The genny is hooked up to a 400 liter gas storage container. My house that im building up the road from my current house already has the solar panels hooked up on a 24 volt system. Everyday, theres a buck or a couple does in the yard. Lots of partridge and bears around if things get rough. Only thing we would be lacking is fresh vegetables over the winter...which could be problematic."
"Kids being made to vote for President in School page: 1 link I live in West Virginia. My kids came home today from school and was talking about voting at school for the next President. They explained something similar to a ballot. Where they had to put a check mark beside who they wanted as President along with their home address and signature. I have never heard of this , as my kids have never had to do this before or was I notified that my kids would be voting. My kids are age 11 and 9, 1 in grade school and another in middle / jr high school. I asked them if they were given any documentation from school about the nominees. They showed me 1 paper that spoke about all of Hillary's achievements and on the back it shows Trumps. However the paper seemed biased speaking of Hillary's accomplishments and barely spoke of Trump other than he built a few buildings and was on a tv show. I do not own a actual camera other than my phone. So the pic is bit blurry. Picture of Document Again sorry for the blurry picture. My kids have been going to school here all their lives. I have never seen this before, might be something new. Has anyone else seen this before? edit on pmp20162016-10-26T18:08:54-05:0036 by apoc36 because: (no reason given) link originally posted by: apoc36 I live in West Virginia. My kids came home today from school and was talking about voting at school for the next President. They explained something similar to a ballot. Where they had to put a check mark beside who they wanted as President along with their home address and signature. I have never heard of this , as my kids have never had to do this before or was I notified that my kids would be voting. My kids are age 11 and 9, 1 in grade school and another in middle / jr high school. I asked them if they were given any documentation from school about the nominees. They showed me 1 paper that spoke about all of Hillary's achievements and on the back it shows Trumps. However the paper seemed biased speaking of Hillary's accomplishments and barely spoke of Trump other than he built a few buildings and was on a tv show. I do not own a actual camera other than my phone. So the pic is bit blurry. [url=http://postimg.org/image/v35tvwykv/]Blurry Picture of _/url] Again sorry for the blurry picture. My kids have been going to school here all their lives. I have never seen this before, might be something new. Has anyone else seen this before? This has been done for years. I remember it happening when I was in 2nd grade more than 40 years ago. I have heard that polling grade school children on Presidential elections is actually more accurate than 'scientific polls'. Children tend to hear what their parents opinions are on the subject without all the filters. They subconsciously 'vote' the way their parents will vote (supposedly)."
"link This guy didn't even win re-election but he think's he's got a mandate of some sort to take up arms if the candidate he supports doesn't win in November? Link to Tweet : Wreckless, self-serving, self-aggrandizing, illiberal, undemocratic, moronic and contrary to the very rule of law his candidate purports to stand for when he's not ginning up cancerous fantasies among the froathy-mouthed sheep who fancy themselves as revolutionaries akin to the American colonists (muskets? lol. Okay Alex Jones). No Joe. You're just an asshole blathering about civil war if your pick of leader doesn't win the day. There's nothing laudable about that. Unbelievable how carelessly people like Walsh are yapping about something that could result in millions of dead people and the end to America as we know it. Make Trump President Or Else? "" edit on 2016-10-26 by theantediluvian because: (no reason given)"
"Two Powerful Quakes Hit Italy Within Hours page: 1 Near the location of the deadly August quake. (see ATS for the August Quake info). The first quake: a magnitude-5.5 quake struck the same region. The epicenter was about 9 kilometers away, south-southwest of Visso. (It) hit at 7 p.m. (1 p.m. ET) between Perugia and Macerata, according to ANSA. The second quake -- with a magnitude of 6.1 -- was 3.2 kilometers (2 miles) north of Visso and 58 km (36 miles) from Perugia, the USGS reported. The depth of both is 10 km. There have been 2 aftershocks, 4.1 and 4.9, also at a depth of 10 KM. ""We don't have any reported victims, but we're in the dark and under a downpour,"" said Mauro Falcucci, the mayor of the small town of Castelsantangelo sul Nera, according to state news agency ANSA. CNN's Barbie Nadeau was in Rome when the quakes struck. ""Incredible aftershock or earthquake felt in Testaccio in Rome. Wow,"" she said on Twitter. Video showed a blocked road. Much of the are is small vilages that can't be reached by night. Some reports of damage and an injury has come in: News.com.au The quakes crumbled churches and buildings, knocking out power and sending panicked residents into the rain-drenched streets.One person was injured in Visso, where the rubble of collapsed buildings tumbled into the streets. But the Civil Protection agency, which initially reported two injured, had no other immediate reports of injuries or deaths. “We’re without power, waiting for emergency crews,” said the mayor of Castel Santangelo Sul Nera, a tiny town just north of some of the hard-hit areas of the August 24 quake. edit on 26-10-2016 by reldra because: (no reason given) edit on 26-10-2016 by reldra because: (no reason given) Italian Prime Minister Renzi tweets: 'I want to thank those who are working in the rain in the earthquake areas. All Italy hugs those affected' - @matteorenzi edit on 26-10-2016 by reldra because: (no reason given) edit on 26-10-2016 by reldra because: (no reason given) new topics"
"Gov. Bill Weld Encourges Supporters to Stop Trump page: 1 Statement by Gov. Bill Weld This is basically a backwards endorsement of Hillary. “Against that backdrop, I would like to address myself to all those in the electorate who remain torn between two so-called major party candidates whom they cannot enthusiastically support. I’m speaking particularly to those Republicans who feel that our President should exhibit commonly accepted standards of decency and discipline. *snip “After careful observation and reflection, I have come to believe that Donald Trump, if elected President of the United States, would not be able to stand up to this pressure and this criticism without becoming unhinged and unable to perform competently the duties of his office. I wonder what effect this will have on Libertarian Party members if any. I think it's unfortunate that people are feeling forced to support Hillary in order to stop Trump. Trump supporters need to take a long hard look in the mirror and realize that such a repulsive person, a man some voted for just for the lulz has ensured a Clinton presidency. You didn't stand up to the establishment you sent people fleeing to it. a reply to: Kali74 Check out the pretend libertarian! If I were libertarian, I'd be ticked off. Here's part of my supposed ticket endorsing one of the least libertarian candidates ever by making a fear play. what a bunch of doo doo feces this thread is. so voting for trump isnt standing up to the establisment? have you not watched veritas? have you not read anything from wikileaks? at this point im completely convinced if hillary wins this election, every women in america will be wearing a hijab within her presidency. the draft will make a return because we will be at war with russia and china. ok trump isnt a politician. and at this point, i dont think thats what we need. being president doesnt mean you have to be involved in politics your whole life. president of the us should be someone who has the values of america instilled in their heart. they should have america first mentality. hillary wants a 550% increase in muslim refugees. the same ones murdering and raping women throughout europe. the same ones who think because a woman isnt islamic, they can do whatever they want to them. hillary wants amnesty and open borders... great, so lots more columbian drug lords sending people over our border i want to feel safe in my own country. thats all i want. not fancy tax plans, free college, more jobs. trump makes me feel safe."
"link Years ago I came here for the UFOs and after a small amount of time I stopped believing, mostly due to nothing being 'real' anymore, most stuff is faked, at least in my opinion... The below is true, even if it's not as exciting as CGI videos... My main reason for posting is about one of the (very few) times I saw 'stuff'. Back in Summer of July,1974 I went on a camping trip to Possum Kingdom Lake in West Texas with a friend Robert, (my last trip as a single guy before I got married the following month). The trip was a lot of canoeing, swimming, cliff diving, snorkeling, and camping out at night beneath the stars, no tent, just star gazing while we eventually drifted off to sleep nightly. (Robert and I were best friends and also worked together too) Anyway, one really, REALLY dark chilly and moonless night about 9:30pm or so, we had tucked ourselves in our sleeping bags and had a rea