lly good spot (elevated with no distractions) to look at the night sky, I had excellent vision then and could see pretty danged good, (I was 21) my friend was 20. He partook of the herb and drank beer daily and I consumed a few beers daily, by nightfall we were tuckered out and wanted nothing more than to just go to sleep, the heat of the West Texas day really took it out of us. The campsite was only accessed by boat, we used a rental canoe, so we paddled our way to this place that was a fairly large and very rugged rocky peninsula with some cliffs being 20-30 foot high. (They seemed a LOT taller to me!) We camped on the top of the cliffs at night and played down on the water by day. So this one night I was looking at a particular spot up there above us and he was looking at another, I then saw, it, and said, ""Look right there!"", he having binoculars he looked at where I had pointed, saw ""it"" and got pretty excited. He finally let me look at it through his binoculars and what I saw was the following... Slightly larger than what we normally see a satellite was a transparent, or semi-transparent and faint bluish looking sphere, a clear 'bubble really, moving at a speed I remember as being slightly faster than what a satellite would be going, but not so much faster or slower than any plane/jet traffic would be, in my estimation. It was going South and we watched it by passing the binoculars back and forth. We both assumed it was a satellite. Exciting stuff, but then one of us (I really can't remember who) noticed another one, this time coming from the East, they appeared to be on a course that appeared to us that would be really a close call if they were at the same altitude. When they were getting a little too close for comfort (at least for us!) the one that came from the East shot a light bluish light at the Southbound sphere, it wasn't laser-like at all (I don't think) but it appeared more like a v-shaped beam from a flashlight shot at it. It lasted all of a second, and I am positive that it happened due to we both saw it at the same time. The light flash made the Southbound one turn Westward, now going almost the same direction as the one from the East, making them both going in the same direction, actually the one that got flashed didn't make a 90 degree turn, it was really going more of a path more like West-southwest more like 87 degrees or so, just guessing now. When I say that it turned, it turned abruptly, not at all anything like any plane would do, that struck us both as being odd, no curving involved at all. We watched them until they both grew dim from the distance, both staying in a straight line to their (intended?) destination. Of course we kept thinking that the one that flashed the beam would turn and follow the other, but nope. I could be wrong on the speed and the directions, but the rest is completely accurate. The really sharp turn back then was unheard of, we hear it all of the time now, years ago though it wasn't talked about at all, not even in the tabloids. This is why this really stood out out to me all of these years, that almost 90 degree turn. To be honest I just didn't understand what we had just seen. We finally got to sleep that night, I don't know how long it took us, but we did, but after a few hours (around 3-ish am) Robert woke me up and said, ""Listen!"", and I heard footsteps, that scared us pretty good 'cause we had gotten so worked up earlier, I guess. heheh We listened to the small branches and small gravel rocks moving beneath whatever it was that was about to kill us, well, we did until we finally scared ourselves to sleep. (I have to admit, O.K., yeah, I did partake myself, but only a little bit, I wasn't into it like him but I was on vacation, that made us both VERY paranoid, I guess) Anyway, the next morning we found our bread and peanut butter missing, the bread's plastic wrapper was there but no bread. CREEPY. A few years later my boss (who I had told all of this to and he made fun of me) told me that the same thing happened to him, his peanut butter and bread went missing while camped on a river, they determined that it was a raccoon, which, they do this sort of thing, I know now. Now to regular people that might not seem like much, especially now days, here on this forum more spectacular claims are made daily. Still, for back then it was REALLY something. My older brother (by 3-1/2 years) and I were camping with no tent underneath the starry sky of Caddo Lake in East Texas around 1981 in the Spring, May I think, and we were looking at a patch of sky surrounded by silhouetted trees actually talking about when we were kids looking for flying saucers. (That's all they were known as back then) Our entire family would look out at the sky in our backyard, it was a common thing for us to do back in the fifties, after all, that was its heyday. As we stared at the sky in the back of my pick-up I mentioned the bluish sphere that I had seen years before at Possum Kingdom Lake, he being quiet through the entire story, he wasn't that talkative really, and within 5 minutes of me mentioning this to him we saw one. (I had my own binoculars this time!) I was really amazed, it was exactly as what I had seen before, I mean exactly! Nothing major happened though, it just quietly slid across the sky in front of us and disappeared behind the trees to our right, and that was that. My brother was never a believer anyway, maybe had it landed it would change his mind. We saw several regular ol' satellites afterwards too. Why I even bring this up is that when I first started coming here around 2008 (lurking) I read a thread of a guy here that saw the exact thing I did, with the slightly v-shaped flashlight looking beam and the other blue sphere turning away, I'd REALLY love to read that again, it was a good feeling to be somewhat confirmed. I say, ""confirmed"" because that friend, Robert that witnessed the sphere denied it in front of a LOT of people at work. We hardly talked about anything else on that trip, and especially on the way home too. Assuming he felt as I did I brought it up when a bunch of guys were taking a break at work, maybe 10-12 people, I didn't see the harm in telling what we saw. After I said my piece I said, ""Ask Robert"". Robert said I was crazy and he didn't see a thing, I thought he was kidding but he was being serious, you'd think that on the way back he'd say that he wasn't wanting to tell anyone, but, Nooo... edit on 26-10-2016 by recrisp because: Typo"
"link Well, that didn't go as planned... Anyway, my first thread so I can indulge. I have to admit, getting to 'here' was not easy, this forum (or my brain) is really different than other places, so hopefully I do this right. I have a thread or two that I have wanted to do, this is my beginning to that. Howdy from Texas too, I have to mention that. edit on 26-10-2016 by recrisp because: (no reason given)"
"Russia 'puzzled' by Norway's decision to host US Marines page: 1 link Norway is to break a decades-old commitment not to host foreign troops on its soil by accommodating 330 US Marines next year. Russia, the apparent target of the buildup, said it was puzzled by the move. The Marines will be stationed at the Vaernes military base in central Norway from January, the Norwegian Defense Ministry said in a statement on Monday. The agreement for the deployment will be reviewed in the course of the year, it added. SOURCE I was one of the few posters on this forum who expressed that Norway's decision to have Marines deployed on its home soil was significant. Part of the reason I believe it is significant is Russia's reaction to the move. Our opinions mean nothing in this matter. If Russia considers the move to be significant then it's significant. I wonder if posters will be able to put aside their egos for this thread and not focus on their view of this issue but focus on Russia's view. Quoting from the article linked above: ""The deployment appears to be in line with NATO's strategy to boost its military presence close to Russia’s borders. The alliance decided to send four 1,000-strong battalions each to Poland and the Baltic states, claiming it was needed to deter Russia."" Please put it all in context from Russia's point of view. edit on 26-10-2016 by Profusion because: (no reason given)"
"the influencing machine and magnus olsens blood. page: 1 First off i just heard of this about 2 months ago. His blood is clumping up and they found crystals that seem engineered in the blood using an electron microscope. then today i read this.. remote influencing.. As we all know all electronic circuits need power, in the case of Remote Influencing Psychotronic Generators provide this power. Tim Rifat has developed the Psychotronic Generator from simple Pavlita generators to the far future Bone Generators(TM) using your own skull and bones as Psychotronic Crystal Generators. These Bone Generators(TM) change the Quantum Wave Function of reality, Remote Influencing. The science of Remote Influencing is based on quantum mechanics only Tim Rifat has developed science to explain Remote Influencing. The process is to decohere the Quantum Wave Function, decollapse it and return it to it's quantum vacuum grand state, modify the Quantum Wave Function to the remote influenced event, collapse it using hyperinfinity so it manifests as your remote influenced event. (see www.supernaturalspirit.com Services for full explanation). In effect we zap the thing to be changed make it vanish and remanifest it as the event we went in laymans language; this takes energy supplied by Psychotronic Amplifiers in your Psychotronic Bone Generators(TM) as well as hyperinfinity the operator that holds the new event in being supplied by your Bone Generators(TM). Only one event can be carried out at a time (explained on www.psychicpowergambling.com) so Tim Rifat has arranged to quantum mechanically change your skeleton into Bone Psychotronic Generators(TM) for one specific event and give you the energy and Psychotronic Fuel with the hyperinfinity to manifest 12 of these singular events after which your Bone Generators which are acting as Psychotronic Batteries run out of energy.