 ive experienced temporal effects both physical and mental in being attacked by some kind of possibly similar technology. i have no dount im on a similar program as magnus. i get tortured bad. thats all ill say."
"Why isn't observer evidence like eyewitness accounts counted as evidence for UFO's? page: 1 link Eyewitness accounts have been used by Science for years. Newton used eyewtiness accounts in the Principia when talking about comets. He came up with a theory on comets based on recorded sighting throughout the world like a boy saw a comet and this is what he described. There wasn't any internet to even verify the credibility of these eyewitness accounts yet Newton used them to come up with a theory about comets which helped lead to his equations of Gravity. So if eyewitness accounts are so unreliable, how did Newton use them to come up with his theories? We also saw this with meteorites. This is from Wiki: Although meteors have been known since ancient times, they were not known to be an astronomical phenomenon until early in the 19th century. Prior to that, they were seen in the West as an atmospheric phenomenon, like lightning, and were not connected with strange stories of rocks falling from the sky. In 1807, Yale University chemistry professor Benjamin Silliman investigated a meteorite that fell in Weston, Connecticut.[27] Silliman believed the meteor had a cosmic origin, but meteors did not attract much attention from astronomers until the spectacular meteor storm of November 1833.[28] People all across the eastern United States saw thousands of meteors, radiating from a single point in the sky. Astute observers noticed that the radiant, as the point is now called, moved with the stars, staying in the constellation Leo.[29] ASTUTE OBSERVERS saw meteors radiating from a single point in the sky and to this day this is still called the radient. I thought Science never uses eyewitness accounts? Also, here's a list of published papers and studies on U.F.O.'s. This page offers a list of 100+ articles, papers and monographs about UFOs / UAPs published in professional journals and specialty publications. Two polls of professional & amateur astronomers respectively, on whether they see UFOs or not. Finally 60+ PhD dissertations and academic publications about UFOs. Very little peer-reviewed literature has been published in which academics have proposed, studied or supported non-prosaic explanations for UFOs. www.hyper.net... Why aren't there more non-prosaic explanations of U.F.O.'s? That alone lends support to the notion that extraterrestrial visitation has occurred. I have had 3 sightings myself. Two looked like probes. It was real windy one day and the wind was almost knocking me over, then this round orb passed in front of me going against the wind. It slowed down and then it sped back up. Where are all the Scientist explaining U.F.O.'s? Why are there still these unidentified objects in the sky? We have aeriel phenomena in the sky that can avoid radar, outrun our best planes and cause nuclear facilities to malfunction. After 60 or more years of these sightings why can't Scientist explain these things like Newton did with comets based on eyewitness accounts or what happened with metorites? Here's 565 eyewitness accounts"
"Watch up! Mission Impossible against voter registration to make Trump Win starts from Indiana! page: 1 The Peace of God to all that belong to the Light, Dear Readers, A so serious and suspicious move in Indiana today is practically leaving 45000 voters, the major part of which are African American, possibly out of any possibility to vote this November 8th Presidential Election, this following instructions of the Vice Presidential Republican Nominee and Governor of the State Mike Pence. Please Read: thinkprogress.org... Patriot Majority alleges the investigation and raid were political moves, and that Lawson worked closely with Gov. Mike Pence (R), who has pushed the “voter fraud” conspiracy on the campaign trail alongside Donald Trump. “We’ve seen nothing but partisan activity from the secretary of state, and even from the police,” Buck said. “They saw that there was a very successful voter registration drive happening, and this was an attempt to shut it down.” “It’s clear that the governor or the governor’s staff are very aware and involved in what’s happening,” he continued. “It fits into the Trump/Pence narrative that in certain neighborhoods, you have to watch how many times people show up to vote and how things happen.” If this situation is Not fully clarified in the following hours we could see in the General election how Trump will probably take Indiana with a really small margin of votes by blocking these voters to be able to express their decision freely. All this operation of today is part of carefully designed Republican strategy to use the excuse of a possible fraud to justify arbitrary measures that will prevent many Americans to elect the next President, is a political boycott of the General Election. Please check: theintercept.com... This is an Red Alert to all voters that oppose Donald Trump to watch carefully the behavior and decisions taken by the Republican governors to try to favor their Candidate. “They saw that there was a very successful voter registration drive happening, and this was an attempt to shut it down.” Please check: www.dailykos.com... The thread is open not only to discuss this so dark operation but also to invite other members of ATS community to report irregularities of any kind that are right now taking place to assure that on November who become elected will be President not because it has really the support of the majority but because thousands of Americans are going to be deprived of their right to vote. Voter registration drives across the country follow similar protocol, without being subject to investigations. A Huffington Post investigation reported that “it seems the extraordinary investigation is likely to find no more than potential technical violations of obscure regulations for third-party voter registration groups.” Thanks for your attention,"
"link Donald Trump could have a disability that used to be known as Aspergers, and this can cause people trouble when they try to socialize because their theory of mind is not complete. Basically, they have trouble thinking of how others perceive their actions. These people tend to be highly intelligent. Trump's IQ is 156, which makes sense considering he has built more businesses than most of us have, and although he could have invested his father's money and made the same amount back as he did in the end through business deals, he put a lot of work and thought into his business. I would like to know what kind of medicines Trump is on and what his mental health diagnosis are. If he has Aspergers, then that would explain why he makes so many social mistakes. Being super rich from a young age might also account for it since he would not be trained to interact with people on an equal level (which is a lot more complicated than interacting with people when you are rich and they are poor). However, an article in The New York Times recently focused on Trump's fears of making social blunders. He has a fear of losing social status or being embarrassed publicly. However, he doesn't seem to do well publicly, which must be a disability because he would *want* to be a good public speaker and not make social gaffes yet he still does it. It must be accidental. Donald even stated he is a difficult man to be married to, which means he knows himself and his weaknesses. Many people with Aspergers don't get married because they have a hard time in relationships."
"Nanobots causing overwhelming depression. Not far off the end now... page: 1 Hello ATS I'm subject to a fierce experiment, or, how it feels to me : torture. I'm not an expert on biology or how the brain works in detail, so forgive me if this post is a little simplistic. Basically I've nanobots (which supposedly don't exist) in my brain, an,d (I assume) they act on my brain chemicals in such a way as to cause chronic depression...suicidal depression in fact. To cut to the chase, as you say in the USA, they also electrocute my nerves (ALL AT ONCE), causing agonising pain! The 'bots are remote/radio controlled by the English SS (and they ARE very similar to the Nazi SS in their treatment of me, I think). So basically, I hear voices (The SS again), and am suffering from feelings that I want to die. About my quite happy 'previous life' before this happened : I was just a young lad who e naonwanted career in computer programming and studied Math/Maths to a high standard (my tutor said I was doing the work of a professor), and still lived at home bashing away at my computer to try and achieve my ambition. As a lot of you will know though COMPUTING is a conspiracy theory too (ie it's not all it states it is). So I suppose I'm doubly unlucky. Why they can't just use a monkey, instead of driving me to my death I don't know, I really dont. Anyways, oh I forgot...the nanobots block the action of nearly ALL the psycho-active drugs I've tried liked anti-depressants etc."
"yet another proof of ""wrong touchscreen calibration"" page: 1 now, i don't agree with their claim about such equipment not needing a calibration - touchscreen devices need it, but this really had to be done on purpose to favor one side and not the other. ""coincidence"", you say. if someone can grab it and upload it to youtube, that would be great - it may disappear from 4chan. i don't have the link for that thread there, but judging by the names on the screen, it's from Virginia. yet another place. Somehow ATS will not let me upload a GIF. But here: damn, i've jumped the bandwagon. mods, 404 or hoax it, that video isn't from 2016. a reply to: jedi_hamster Aah... Then so am I . Damn.. And I promised myself to stay out of this political garbage... I now know why.. edit on 26-10-2016 by EartOccupant because: (no reason given) damn, i've jumped the bandwagon. mods, 404 or hoax it, that video isn't from 2016. Hi JH, how do you know its not from 2016? just curious as i am not in that neck of the 