 in custody yet but he will be , he will be caught. link pure filth that guy is. I get it...Donald sucks, whatever..cast your vote against him on the 8th. Consider if Obama gets a star, will some dumbass redneck be smashing that up also because he didn't like the politics? morons. followers of the DNC in action. Such peaceful folks. link a reply to: gortex Poor sumbeyotch. The low IQs are always on display on both sides. I hope he just gets probation. This is how sore losers everywhere will react when Trump wins by a landslide. I like how safety-conscious he was by wearing a high visibility jacket, though. This is how sore losers everywhere will react when Trump wins by a landslide. I like how safety-conscious he was by wearing a high visibility jacket, though. If a mouth breather like this is so upset before the election, damn, if Trump does win, how many of these ass clowns will go full retard after the 8th? Thought these stars were for artists like actors. What did Trump get the star for? For this ""not-scripted"" TV show? Is it like with the Nobel Peace Prize, everybody nowadays gets one(thinkig of Obama and the EU...) originally posted by: network dude followers of the DNC in action. Such peaceful folks. No one said he was a DNC supporter He may just be a bloke who hates racist, homophobic, misogynistic narcissists. Thought these stars were for artists like actors. What did Trump get the star for? For this ""not-scripted"" TV show? Is it like with the Nobel Peace Prize, everybody nowadays gets one(thinkig of Obama and the EU...) He got it for his role as producer on The Apprentice. originally posted by: roadgravel It could be a psyop by a Trump supporter. Make people feel for Trump's lost star and therefore vote for him. That's one of the dumbest things I've ever heard. Nobody is going to vote for him just because somebody vandalized his star in Hollywood. edit on 10/26/2016 by AdmireTheDistance because: (no reason given)"
"Has family guy gone nuts? page: 1 link I was watching and they were singing a weird chant something about patriotic weirdness and barbecued human heads. I just brushed it off then 5 mins later some more weird popped in outta nowhere wtf so I recorder it I have no idea why quagmire took Peter back in time so far or what it's supposed to mean. Why would going back in time cause home to that? Or am I missing something Peter: [demonic voice] I see the six stations of the Lord's order, and they will all burn ! edit on 26-10-2016 by ssenerawa because: (no reason given) link That was kind of weird and random. Were they referencing anything? Probably just typical family guy but they have taken part in predictive programming and subliminal messages I am pretty sure edit on 26-10-2016 by GoShredAK because: (no reason given) Oh family guy... There are a lot of references to: a) time travel and its ramifications including multiple timelines. They even have an episode where time flows backward. b) occultic crap. There is another episode where Peter puts on noise cancelling headphones to ""be alone with my thoughts"". This is all while on a plane, and his ""innver voice"" begins babbling about blood shed and something about the dark counsel or something along those lines. c) Paranormal in general. Ghosts and spirits speaking through telelvisions etc. One of my personal favorites is when Peter talks to the t.v. as if the people on it can ""hear"" him. Ironically enough,the people on tv respond to him. To me, the show is some type of op. With american dad included. Afterall, seth macfalane was set to be on the plane that hit the north tower...talk about a splitting of timelines. Addendum: this show has a lot, and i do mean ALOT of references that resonate with my life and experiences to a very close T. edit on 26-10-2016 by OneGoal because: (no reason given)"
"Mexico Declares Marijuana Use “Human Right” In Supreme Court page: 1 The Mexican Supreme Court ruled by 4 to 1 that banning the consumption and cultivation of cannabis for personal use violates the human right to free development of one’s personality. … … Freedom To Smoke a Human Right. It's about damn time! For a long time now, people have been fighting for the basic human right of being able to consume whatever substances they wish, and do with their personal property (the human body) as they see fit. This is especially true of cannabis, which has a long list of medicinal benefits. In spite of its minor adverse effects (which pale in comparison to alcohol and cigarettes) people in the United States, and other parts of the world, are still being locked up for simply using the “miracle plant” to help combat disease and pain. Mexico, however, often demonized as being backwards by their Norther neighbors, has ruled that smoking marijuana should be a basic human right! edit on 26-10-2016 by Encryptor because: (no reason given) new topics"
"link At various times of year, Bureau of Land Management Fairbanks District Office Public Affairs Specialist Craig McCaa likes to go down to the Chena River to share photos of changing Fairbanks weather. On Oct. 18, he decided to walk his camera down to the University Avenue bridge that crosses the river to snap a few pictures of ice forming on the water's surface. But instead of finding just snow and ice, McCaa saw a ""strange thing"" moving back and forth in the current of the murky river. ""It never fully revealed itself,"" he said in a phone interview Tuesday. McCaa took a video and posted it to the ""Bureau of Land Management – Alaska"" Facebook page Tuesday afternoon. By evening it had been watched about 20,900 times. Speculation has run rampant on what the creepy object — or creature — swaying in the water might be. This is really wild. What could be this big and swim in this style in Alaska? I'm looking for ideas and don't suggest any bias from this post. www.adn.com... aska-life/2016/10/26/string-sturgeon-or-sea-monster-chena-river-creature-baffles-internet-observers/ edit on 27-10-2016 by bryan2006 because: (no reason given)"
"link Wednesday, October 26, 2016 Today, the amazingly energetic Donald J. Trump promised something that NO DEMOCRAT has cared enough to attempt, in decades. Our next President proposed and detailed a critically important ""NEW DEAL FOR BLACK AMERICA"". Story: www.nbcnews.com... It's a damn shame that Barack Hussein Obama completely ignored the/his Black community after receiving their votes. Now, Hillary Clinton is following in his footsteps.. She's blindly assuming that because she's a Democrat, and was endorsed by Barack Obama, the African American community will ""fall in line"" like good little mindless minions, and cast their 16 million votes for her, like they did for Obama in 2012. This cycle, open-minded Black Americans who refuse to be FOOLED AGAIN, are indeed going to give Donald Trump a try. As you can see from this video of boxing promoter DON KING introducing Donald Trump to a church filled with Black ministers and community leaders in Ohio last month, important segments of the community are tired of being lied to, screwed by, and ignored by, DEMOCRATS that they voted for! Don King Introduces Donald Trump (C-Span Video): www.youtube.com... For obvious reasons, the ""old guard"" community leaders like Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton, along with the NAACP, are not in Donald Trump's corner. But what's most telling, is that they are not out there at rallies raising Hillary's arm to roaring crowds of supporters either. Probably because they know Hillary is lying when she exclaims, ""I ain't in no ways ever tired of fightin for youuu!"" in Black churches. In 30 years, she's done NOTHING for no one except herself, Chelsea, and Saudi Arabian women abusers. -CareWeMust"
"I didn't know which one to do first or rather if I would but I did and not in chronological order either. Hello, My colleagues call me Captain Jack. My name is Jack Fearow and no not Captain Jack Spearow or was that Jack Sparrow? Anyways I'm new here but I'm no newb so don't expect me to believe a weather balloon is a Chinese lantern you know what I mean. Hopefully I reach out and touch a soul or 2 but if not I know I gave it me best. And that's the best I can do till we meet have a helluva bloody day!"
"Hello, Welcome to Teotihuacan Presenting: Streaks of Gold As you can clearly see this is not Teotihuacan but we are very close to it. With places like Puma Punku that have Quick Crete stones that have these shapes in them... And you can clearly see that Ancient Man were telling us in the future that one day would have our green plantations marked by streaks of gold. Obviously being a circuitry board. Our heaven is dependency on technology! This is Teotihuacan People were inspired to build such large and grandiose structures and attribute them to the Sun and the Moon. But why obviously the sun being a life giver is something to honor. But the Moon is a great question. Night is the absence of the Sun and everything depending on the Sun surely would not want to celebrate it's absence. It must be because the Sun was attributed to a great king who sailed across a mighty ocean much like the sun does the sky. And the moon was attributed to a great queen that did the same. And both of them must have proven with great detail. That not only made you believe past all the great technology they brought with them but also believing in them with your heart and soul. That kind of belief transcends time and it also transcends race and species. Those people knew that the moon was not real proof of this is that they symbolize the moon with the crescent moon. If you pay attention at all the moon like god and everything else on the planet snitches what the truth is no matter how good it is at hiding it. And the crescent moon is a snitch that it can cloak and uncloak. Otherwise why would anyone attribute the night with the moon. You would just mark tiny dots in a sky and point to the day and say absent of the sun. It means that while we are very technologically dependent we are being told to believe through what is natural and what mother nature has intended you to see. Why advancement is necessary it's also good to stay rooted and see that e