verything from top to bottom no matter how primitive still believes in the same Sun and Moon that all life depend on. And that kind of love builds cities,nations, and galactic kingdoms."
"Hillary Clinton's election fraud finally exposed. California stolen from Bernie Sanders! page: 1 link With all the talk from MSM of Russians interfering with US elections. Rumors of Soros owning new computer voting machines that can easily be programed to steal election. If you don't think that the DNC won't steal an election if they can. Think again. a reply to: Doctor Smith Intuitively, we all know that Hillary is capable of attempting to steal an election. Your video, combined with the many e-mails provided by WikiLeaks, confirms that she does indeed have an army of cronies out there breaking federal and state election laws, to not only cheat Bernie Sanders, but to get her into the White House again too. Hillary is indeed a Nasty Woman, just as Elizabeth Warren confirmed this past Monday. link This is the stuff that needs a independent investigation launched pronto. If it is found out 100% it is a fix, what then? I guess there could be a sweeping write in movement for Bernie..or just vote for Stein a reply to: Doctor Smith Now the million dollar question is what are ""we"" the people going to do about it ? originally posted by: SaturnFX This is the stuff that needs a independent investigation launched pronto. If it is found out 100% it is a fix, what then? I guess there could be a sweeping write in movement for Bernie..or just vote for Stein Vote for Pee Wee Herman if you want. Just don't vote those Clinton criminals in again. But if you really want to stop her, you have to vote for Trump. Compared to Hillary, Trump is Honest Abraham Lincoln. new topics"
"link originally posted by: Kashai Hyperloop one is a about a transportation system that is really fast and technologically feasible to the extent that in relation to investors, easily Is on the fast tract to half a billion from investors in the not to distant future. Despite announcing a $50 million investment in mid-October, Hyperloop One plans to raise as much as $250 million in its next funding round early next year and is already seeking tens of millions in new financing, according to an investment document obtained by Forbes. Meanwhile, according to another company document, internal estimates of the cost of Hyperloop One projects could greatly exceed predictions from the concept’s architect, billionaire tech industrialist Elon Musk. www.msn.com... li=BBmkt5R&ocid=spartandhp As offered in this link by 2021 we will be carrying freight and passengers with this technology. In so far as what this technology is.... Levitation Rig The Hyperloop Levitation Rig is another unique test stand designed, fabricated and built by the Hyperloop team. This test stand is housed in an 18 cubic meter environmental chamber that is capable of achieving pressures down to 1/1000 of atmospheric. The rotor achieves surface speeds in excess of 300 m/s. These speeds are necessary to simulate Hyperloop’s cutting edge levitation systems that will be adapted for use on the Hyperpod. hyperloop-one.com... Intro The first several pages will attempt to describe the design in everyday language, keeping numbers to a minimum and avoiding formulas and jargon. I apologize in advance for my loose use of language and imperfect analogies. The second section is for those with a technical background. There are no doubt errors of various kinds and superior optimizations for elements of the system. Feedback would be most welcome – please send to hyperloop@spacex.com or hyperloop@teslamotors.com. I would like to thank my excellent compadres at both companies for their help in putting this together.PDF Now I am not an Engineer but clearly this seems a step forward in transportation technology. I have seen a couple YouTube vids debunking this.. Or at least pointing out how hard it will be to actually pull it off..and it not kill every one at the slightest mishap... Kinda like ethenol, it might be a red herring of sorts.. That said ANY time you try and create new tech some good comes out of it. Every mistake could invent something you weren't even trying for... Take NASA for example..EVERY single day we use some plastic or polymer that didn't work for space, but made a really good pencil eraser.. Money is fake...just some BS we tell ourselves. Labor, materials and KNOW how are all that matter. So IMHO reguardless or cost invention wins."
"All this time of thoughts and reason Now this country is full of treason This earth goes up It also goes down Mostly this life feels hellbound Do we question this crazy human race On this long crazy day please engulf me with mace Time was this and that was now Come on humans show us how All we want is to deal with time One of you can not even blow my mind This way that way which is clear Double the facts and I will drink beer Seeping peeping on the line Throwing rowing in due time Life is full of different ways To you all please have a great day This is about the struggle in life and we can all overcome this by being happy."
"link originally posted by: JinMI Lots of discussion over the past months. Who we're for or who we're against and platitudes of statements...some not so much. Whomever you decide to give your vote to honestly does not concern me nor should mine concern you. The debates, arguments and discussions are fun and generally informative. Vote for who you would, even if it takes a few hours. I've seen quite a bit of conversation of folks not wanting to vote at all. What does this prove? What is this standing (sitting) against? Your disapproval of the two party system or maybe you think the whole thing a charade? My opinion would leave me to believe that if your going to attempt to rebel against the system it would be a secure third party vote or a vote for the future so to speak. We as Americans need to take back our power over Government. There is more than just the Presidency at stake and to me I would think that not voting at all is a contribution to the apathy that has us in the situation we are in. Whether it be Trump or Drumf or Hillary or Shillary or Stein or Johnson or Joe Blow, I would urge you to vote! If you are not voting at all, would you please elaborate as to why? I'm trying to imagine the next president of the USA being Joe Blow. Well now President Blow, what do you think of the Cannabis trade with Mexico? Anything to declare?"
"link originally posted by: theantediluvian It looks like everyone is releasing their October suprises in pieces, including the Telegraph . Now we have Jesse Benton admitting to voter suppression on a hidden camera. Here's the transcript: Benton: We're doing pretty well ahhh but we don't have anywhere near the funds that Hillary's groups do so we really have to be surgical Benton: So we have a voter suppression campaign — quite frankly — targeting African Americans , and uh, and sort of, suburban moms , just bad stuff about Hillary, just trying to take their taste for her away. Female Reporter: I see, so that they don't turn out. Benton: Yeah just keep them — just try to drop her turn out two or three points Basically if they put out enough negative adds about how she hasn't supported blacks and there causes they will make it less likely they will vote for her. Realistically speaking they aren't going to votell republican and they know that. So the best they can hope for is make them mad enough at her not to vote. But looking at early voting they may have switched more than they thought and instead of bit voting they are voting trump wI'll see as election. Gets cloaer."
"a reply to: Violater1 She wants your vote. And she will say anything to get it. She changes her mind as fast as public opinion changes. ROFL Damm - If we could get someone in office who would change their opinion to public opinion AND FOLLOW THROUGH, they would be my hero. They spend all their money finding out what we want, then they lie. Why can't we just get a representative in office? edit on 26-10-2016 by Isurrender73 because: (no reason given)"
"link a reply to: carewemust ""Vomiting black liquid"" caught my eye. I know bleeding internally can cause black vomit, sometimes it looks like coffee grounds. But something in the HeatStreet article that Fox news linked too also caught my eye: Max was buried in Canterbury cemetery after his mother arranged to have his body flown home a week after his death. A post-mortem examination was carried out by a pathologist in east Kent, but Vanessa says that more than two months later she still does not know the result, or whether there will be an inquest. She added: “Apparently, he had not suffered any obvious physical injuries but he could have been slowly poisoned, which is why the results of toxicology tests from his post-mortem are so important. [bolding by me] Activated charcoal -- which is black and readily available to anyone -- is used to treat poisoning, and could cause black vomit also. Could Spiers have suspected he was being poisoned and tried to self-treat with activated charcoal? I can't find much more about the black vomit... as in if someone was with him before/during/after he vomited the black liquid... or if it was found at the same time as he was found dead."
"link She and Nutinbutayahoo have been wanting Syria and their resources since She was the Head of State. Their Zionist™ OverLords really want that entire area and all they can extract from it, per usual.. You mean the Afghans who the US et al trained and then armed to fight 'The Russkies'? That is par for the course. Why change the script if the show still sells tickets? See: Cats™ Good thing these heinous Russkies weren't this volatile when Hillary sold them a bunch of uranium, I don't watch the news, did She apologize to the Russians for accusing them of the hacking of Her measly secured e-mails? If You can't see that the WHOLE BALL OF WAX is crooked, You are not ""looking"" Sure You might be reading the words but You're not connecting the dots. ALL of it is bent, there is NO 'lesser of 2 evils' when both choices are the definition of evil."
"link a reply 