to: ghostrager Two YouTubers I know of, I'm not mentioning who they are, have been promoting the notion he's dead. It didn't ring true for me because if he was I believe it would be known by all very quickly via the internet. He has close friends and family who I doubt would want it to be kept secret. That's my perception anyway. He really is isolated as I've mentioned before. I hope he makes it through. He's brilliant and has done a great service for regular people in a frightful world based upon lies, ugly secrets and deceptions."
"(Mr Smith): You know Mr Main I don't respond very well if people start to pull on my strings... (The Main): ... and still... here you are Mr Smith. (Mr Smith): Indeed ! (The Main): Poor Mr Smith , doesn't know which pill swallow... doesn't he ? (Mr Smith): You weren't completely honest with me Mr Main. I don't like dishonest people dear Mr Main and I certainly want a dishonest person to become my boss. (The Main): So just follow the rules dear Mr Smith. Forget about the letter have some fun some sex and Die of boredom like the rest of the controllers. (Mr Smith): People that talk about rules are very dangerous people my father used to say. (The Main): your father was a wise man. (The Main): Tell me do you like dangerous Mr Smith ? (Mr Smith): Hyperborea... (The Main): I consider that a yes , Applause for you. You've been investigating haven't you? (The Main): Oh I really start to like you Dear young Mr Smith. (Mr Smith,agitated): 58 Billion death , Genocide !, an entire sentient species !!. Sir You're a monster nothing more !!! (The Main,voice calm): ...And yet here you are (Mr Smith): Just the Truth nothing more.... Convince me that you're worth it. (The Main): Oh dear Mr smith I'm worth it. But the truth has to be deserved.... I admit Hyperborea was an mistake that shouldn't be made. (Mr Smith): The truth...Just tell me why... (The Main): Mistakes dear Mr Smith... We have made a lot of mistakes. (Mr Smith,loud voice): don't you mean You made a lot of mistakes... Sir ! (finger pointing). (Mr Smith,loud voice ): Don't blame it on the minor controllers , YOU were the main controller and YOU made a lot of mistakes. (The Main,soft voice): OK OK , Indeed I made a lot of mistakes. I tried to create Heaven and ended up with Hell , it was Hubris at it's finest ! (Mr Smith): .... (The Main): You know what the opposite of love is dear Mr Smith ? (Mr Smith): .... (The Main,crescendo voice): It's isn't hate it is Too much love. I loved too much ! If you want to condemn me condemn me for too much love and not for Genocide. Yes yes I killed 58biljon beautiful people but the source of my demise the one and only real source Mr Smith was ... too much love!! (Silence) (The Main,emotional):It was a beautiful Soul pure as our precious aether. I was obsessed with it. I started it to follow into it's myriad of incarnations. As the Eons went by I saw how the Hyperboreans those beautiful people that I had created started colonize the 5 th planet of sol ,Tia-mat Eons later they even colonized the 3th planet now known as Earth. Their empire grew. Beautiful people that had no hate in their hearth. Yes I was responsible for they extinction by making the greatest mistake a Controller could make... Do you know what that is Mr Smith ? (Mr Smith): .... (The Main,soft-voice): I Entered The simulation. edit on 10272016 by frenchfries because: (no reason given)"
"A guide to the Paradoxroutine page: 1 Hah I'm here randomly post, and be good at nothing. If I were to sum up myself in one form or another it would be this: What is it that I wish to create? In a seamless dance of hope and intrigue, I jitter and pounce on that which does define. But in an ends' motion what is it that I have made? More musing of a solid soul, a gasp of an angel brought forth upon the devils mask. Shattered within a hopeless contextual void of self dissolution. To dissolve in ones own thoughts of regard of high and mighty being? In the beginning what is it that we seek? In hell and high water, in times of disregard. What is it that seeks us. From times of happenstance to those of remorse. Again we beckon the call to purpose and resolve. Every time, even without a moments clarity we call too and forth of the void, to give us direction. Show me ways beyond vice, ways not wanted of founded living, shallower within such a world. Should they be down caste or sought without voice? Give me guidance before the light. Hope before the void. I shall know of the kingship of a heralds' life, before the life of a herald be know to his people. To this preponderance I shadow skirt my minds eye, to a veil beyond the guise that which is a worded Maya. I find such things a mere hope of sound falling. Give me hope or the hope of death. Give me light or knowledge of only darkness. Give not guidance, but a misadventured fall into the abysmal realm of chance and near do wells shortcomings. Shall be you chance or stones carved Providence? I beckon the call to truth, yet I hope and pray tell that none does exist. The only way to continue searching, is to never find the answer we seek. To find is to know, to know is to be content. To be content is to stagnant in truth. To find death in one truth, one truth among many. To live is to know nothing, but to know what you understand has already become false by nature is to understand that my musings are bull****. edit on 10|27|2016 by Paradoxroutine because: Because I'm a dumbass."
"ERB Trump vs Clinton is finally here! page: 1 link If you're an avid ERB fan like me and 75% of the Internet, then you'll be very happy to know that Nice Peter and Epic Lloyd have finally delivered the highly anticipated Trump vs Clinton rap battle! We all knew it had to happen sooner or later. My guess that it would drop shortly after the final debate turned out to be true! Here it is in all its glory: ** CONTAINS STRONG LANGUAGE ** While you're at it, may as well check out the Romney vs Obama video from 2012: edit on 27-10-2016 by SoulOfCeres because: Formatting"
"Tonopah Test Range Google Earth imagery 7/22/2016 page: 1 37.785314° -116.765487° lots of cars 37.788909° -116.756991° buildings removed 37.761840° -116.760566° new building 37.723731° -116.730658° new radar berm Happy hunting. Note they cut this really close to the north edge of the runway, as if someone ordered this imagery and Google poached it. Tonopah is the Area 51 site. These look like the White Sand targets I've fired at. (above) edit on 26-10-2016 by thesungod because: (no reason given) edit on 26-10-2016 by thesungod because: (no reason given) The only things missing are the ""commercial gravel pits."" That is how the mining tailings are covered up. Posted a thread on this here Looks like something (maybe F-117 or something else) being moved into a hangar 37.798244, -116.774809 The only things missing are the ""commercial gravel pits."" That is how the mining tailings are covered up. I would presume since available imagery would show large amounts of ""Muck"" which is the technical term for the rock left over (Tailings are actually something else) they would eat the cost associated with trucking it elsewhere or using previously excavated areas on site. Rumors persist that the proposed underground, mobile, MX system was mocked up and extensive tunnels were dug in and around the NTS and Nellis etc. which could also be used for storing the muck. Otherwise a giant pile of the stuff would be a dead giveaway new topics"
"Well here's a good from the Podesta wiki files. This time it has Podesta himself and some others trying to decide who should sober Hillary up !! Oh Boy it's from Aug 2015. WIKILEAKS: Hillary Clinton Needed Someone to ‘Sober Her Up’ at 4:30 in the Afternoon Hillary Clinton campaign aides had a frantic email exchange in August 2015 over who should call the candidate to “sober her up some” at around 4:30 in the afternoon. According to documents published by WikiLeaks, Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta emailed communications aide Jennifer Palmieri with a question at around 2:00 p.m. “Should I call her and talk this through or better to leave with you?” Podesta wrote. “I’m worried she’ll get on with Cheryl [Mills] and we’ll end up in a bad place.” Palmieri wrote back more than two hours later with a response: “I think you should call her and sober her up some.”"
"link Hello again ATS! Though we are two weeks out from Election Day as I sit to write these words – I find myself already looking beyond Tuesday, November the eighth and at some of the things that I think will happen between now and 2020 as well as what I think the landscape will look like in the year leading up to that year's election. It won't be a popular opinion here on ATS, I am sure... But as of today I feel confident in saying that, short of some unprecedented and wholly unforseeable revelation or event – this years election is very likely a done deal. Hillary Clinton will almost certainly be the next President of the United States. With just two weeks remaining before Election Day ( as of this writing ), the meta-analysis of polls shows Clinton possessing nearly an insurmountable lead. While it is true that Trump enjoys a very passionate and enthusiastic base, he has done little to successfully expand that base. The potential for him to find a means of connecting with undecided and uncommitted voters is minimal and shrinks with each passing day. Having come to this view, I find myself free to look beyond the coming weeks and to try and get a handle on what a post 2016 world will look like. Frankly, gazing into my allegorical crystal ball, I see dark and threatening clouds gathering on our horizon. Clouds that could very well bring a storm of epic proportions our way. Election Night Blues The night of Tuesday, November the eighth could well be historic – in the worst of ways. This election cycle has broken several taboos and lowered the bar of political discourse in unprecedented ways. It has been a season of highly divisive hyperbole and rhetoric that has built-up a great deal of social tension. We currently sit atop a very, very dry powder keg of anger that is seething and highl