y volatile. Passions will be flaring among many as we watch the Election results stream in on our televisions, computers and phones. Many of those watching will be deeply, deeply emotionally invested in the outcome of this race. In this climactic moment we, as a nation, will be perilously close to critical mass. One spark away from potential disaster... Four years ago a man with some degree of fame was emotionally invested in that years election and he took to social media, Twitter, to vent his reactions in a paroxysmal spasm of emotion... That minor celebrity was one Donald J. Trump: Source Imagine for a moment what could happen if history repeats itself and this same man goes on a similar rant this Election night. Imagine the violence such a display could potentially trigger. Then stop imagining and take a deep breath... Such a reaction is not just possible – given the evidence, it is more than likely the probable outcome. Trump is currently heavily invested in telling his followers that the election is rigged, that they have no voice and that he is ""the only one"" who can save them. This is a very, very dangerous and unstable bit of social chemistry. Most Trump supporters, obviously, will not lash out in violence if their candidate loses the race – even if they personally feel that the outcome of the Election was not legitimate. However some Trump supporters, those in the extremes of what the media is currently calling ""the alt right"" very well could take to the streets in rage. Given some of the fringe support that Trump enjoys, I would honestly be surprised if such things were not already being planned by a handful of those on the fringe. The rhetoric of revolution has been abused of late – and there are always the few who take such statements far too literally... Across the line. Blunty put – if Election night comes and Trump loses – and if he takes to Twitter as he did four years ago – it could well result in a very long and bloody night. A catastrophic night that we will look back upon with shame. A night that could well poison our nation for years to come. Much Ado About Trump TV Many pundits and wonks have mused over the fact that it truly does appear that Trump has been laying the groundwork for a future media operation... Presumably a news network or service of some kind. I count myself among those who have been suggesting so for a fairly long time. However where I differ is that I don't see it as being quite so cut and dry any longer. While I do think that Trump's original thoughts ( or more the thoughts of those who influence Trump ) was to create a new media Conservative news venue... I think that it's now grown into something more. I think that Trump TV ( Or whatever they end up calling it - ""Trump TV"" is too generic. There's no inherent propaganda value in the name. I think something more like ""Trump's MAGA Network"" is probably more on point. ) will be used as a device to begin a new political party. More accurately to succeed where others have previously failed ( I’m looking at you Sarah Palin and Glenn Beck ) by congealing the various ""Patriot"", ""Tea Party"" and fringe right wing groups into one collective and singular entity – a party firmly rooted in extreme nationalism with enough religion and conservatism thrown in to gain wider appeal. My prediction is that Donald Trump will remain the focal point and figurehead of this coming movement – using this new network much as he currently utilizes his Twitter feed... A platform for him to vent his late night frustrations, angers and insecurities. His name will be predominantly used in the branding and messaging and Trump will be the face of it all. The most frequent speaker and guest. Imagine if The Apprentice had been a 24/7/365 live streaming show – and Trump had the power to walk in at any moment to say whatever happened to be on his mind... That is how I see Trump TV. However I don't see Trump being the driving force behind the actual message. Trump is a brand, after all. He has made his place in this world by putting his name on buildings he didn't build, shows that he didn't create and ideas he didn't originate. Trump works as a spokesperson – the guy who says ""I’m not only the President of... But I'm also a member"". The real people behind the curtain will be The Mercers ( Robert and Rebekah ), Steve Bannon and, to a lesser degree, Roger Ailes. As for on camera talents? I think the current obvious potential faces of this new media enterprise will be Hannity, O'Reilly and Lahren – though I'm honestly not personally sure if O'Reilly will make the jump. Money is money, after all, and Big Daddy Bill is sitting pretty comfortably atop the Fox news heap as his career winds down. Regardless, however, of who wins the backstage power war ( Other than the Mercers who are a lock ) and the on camera positions... The network itself will be the propaganda arm of the extreme right wing and I think it very well could end up pulling the national discourse much further to the right in the coming 4-8 years. Particularly with the subjects of national isolationism and national identity politics."
"More Footage Of Operation High Jump With Hitler! page: 1 link Hi everyone. This was on my youtube feed today and thought I would share it and maybe get some feedback. Thru all my years of paranormal and alien spaceship research and experiences, I came to the conclusion that it was all man made. After watching this video, I am even more convinced of them being man made. There is so much technology they aren't telling us.Well, I hope you get a chance to view this and let me know what you think. Are they man made? a reply to: childoffather They knew about the technology were using right now in the 50's and 60's. I have heard the public are ten years behind what they know technologically. 40 to 60 years ago...we have come a long way baby. Not sure about the moon landing though. lol. link originally posted by: carewemust I guess there was no reason to HOAX a fake Moon landing, since the technology was available, even before the 1960's. Was probably even more refined by 1967. That's not true. We don't understand the dynamics of space so what we can do outside of the atmosphere and inside of the atmosphere we have no idea. How the moonlanding was a hoax we also do not understand. It could be a coverup of some sort or another. link a reply to: childoffather factor the exponential growth of tech into the equation and start from the early 1930's instead of the 90's. originally posted by: Darkmadness originally posted by: carewemust I guess there was no reason to HOAX a fake Moon landing, since the technology was available, even before the 1960's. Was probably even more refined by 1967. That's not true. We don't understand the dynamics of space so what we can do outside of the atmosphere and inside of the atmosphere we have no idea. How the moonlanding was a hoax we also do not understand. It could be a coverup of some sort or another. Or a distraction...h ."
"link Greetings ATS community, I wanted to pass on something my dad experienced several years ago in the hopes that perhaps others have experienced something similiar or know someone who has. I found the story quite interesting, and I hope you will too. Background: My dad was a pilot with 30+ years of experience flying all manner of civilian, military, and commercial aircraft. He was a naturally humble and quiet individual--never given to boasting or exageration. Like many pilots, he was wired to be logical, mathematical, and mechanical; he was also a supreme skeptic where all things supernatural and speculative are concerned. He preferred direct experience and scientific inquiry to wild tales. His story: One day he came back from a trip he flew (commercial flight) to Mexico. Over a beer, I casually asked him about his trip. He looked at me, cocked one eyebrow and replied, ""I saw something I can't explain."" This got my attention. On the layover, he and another pilot went out for dinner. Walking back along the beach at night, they both noticed a distant light moving along a fixed vector at a constant speed. They kept watching it, and were wondering about distance and elevation, thinking perhaps it was either a satellite or a high-flying aircraft--nothing out of the ordinary. Then it came to a complete stop, reversed direction 180 degrees, and whizzed off so fast it was out of sight in less than a second or two. So my first response was, ""Do you think it was a UFO?"" Again with the cocked eyebrow he said, ""I don't want to use that word. All I will say is that what we witnessed completely and utterly defies all laws of aerodynamics that I'm familiar with. I'm not aware of any aircraft--military or otherwise--that can do that. It's beyond my abilities to explain; that's all I'm willing to say."" To contrast this story, I will also say that one time we were watching a campy, early 80's Fox program that was reporting on the US government harboring aliens. At one point in the story, they started talking about a particular installation in the mountains of Nevada (not area 51) that's being used as a landing zone for UFO's. Dad started laughing so hard I thought he was going to fall off the couch. He looked at me and said, ""I know what they do there."" I said, ""And???"" He replied, ""I can't tell you that, but I CAN tell you they're NOT landing UFO's."" Total buzz kill. Anyway, that's the story I wanted to relate in the hopes that others can add their own. Thanks for reading."
"The Moon that Fell from Heaven page: 1 link There is an intriguing text from Anatolian myth with regards to the Moon falling from Heaven; The Moon God fell from the sky and fell upon the gate complex, but no one saw him. The Storm God sent rain after him; he sent rains after him. Fear seized him; anxiety seized him. The god Hapantali went there. He stood beside him and uttered over him the words of a spell. The goddess Kamrusepa looked down from the sky and said: ""What in the world has happened here? A good question from Kamrusepa there then, but the text is fragmentary and partial and the matter isn't really explained, so anyway the first