 question then is were was this gate complex and why couldn't he, the Moon, be seen having landed. My consideration is that the gate complex is that of the Cilician Gates , and that the Moon can no longer be seen as he has infused the Taurus Mountains with Silver. That region did relate to the Silver Mountains as several sources mention and was a major centre for the trade in Silver at Kultepe/Kanes; The essence of the trade was to ship tin, woolen textiles and lapis lazuli to Anatolia to sell it there in order to acquire, directly or indirectly, silver and gold, which was shipped back to Assur. Tin, essential for the Anatoian production of bronze was imported in Assur from Susa, perhaps by Elamite caravans, and ultimately originated from Central Asia. Assyrian trade colony at Kanes There are a great many tablets related to this trade recovered from Kultepe, on these sometimes can be seen the Taurus bull that bears upon it's back the Silver Mountain. Also seen beneath on that example is the Scorpion which was likely also an ideogram based upon the Cilician gates and greater region, also the symbol of Ishara the Goddess of the Silver Mountain and related to concept idea of the Moon within the Underworld, her symbolic metal silver and purity through refinement, the Temple of Ishara being at Kanes or Nesi to the Hurrians. There were a great many ideas bound up within this symbolism then, including in Cosmological terms the entrance into the underworld being above Taurus in Gemini, and it's opposite point of emergence in Scorpio, according to the inter-section point of the Galactic and Ecliptic planes. Were this gets interesting is that there is a Hurrian myth that relates to a conflict in the primeval period named The Song of Silver involving their tutelary God Tessub and his ongoing issues with Kumarbi, God of Destiny; Among Tessub, the Sun God of the Sky, Sauska Nineveh's Queen, and all the gods, no one worships him, although his power is greater than their power. His word is greater than their words, his wisdom is greater than their wisdom, his battle and his g1ory are greater than theirs. It is Silver the Fine of whom I sing. Wise men to1d me the story of the fatherless boy. It did not exist. Long ago Silver's Father had disappeared. And they do not know his sp1endor. Heroic men ran to battle. Abundance did not exist. And grain did not grow only hunger The Songs of the Kumarbi cycle can contain veiled allegory regarding ethnic disputes such as i outlined here with regards to Byblos and Ebla, it is likely the same in this case, conflict with the region of Nesa and the Silver Mountains, this however relating to a much earlier period, potentially also this relates to conflict from the Heavens as Silver could be named Kubbabar-Anzu as noted here the association with Anzu in conflict with Tessub relating to the same with Ninurta in the Sumerian mythos, and that seemingly from Anatolia. The identification of Silver as DUMU also correlates with the Sumerian notion of the Divine child as Damu, often seen as the basis for the cult of Dumuzid, were it was also the case that the City of Dumuzid, Bad-Tivira, was the centre of the Sumerian metallurgy industry. Silver is described in this text as a wannumiyas DUMU, which means a child whose father is dead or missing. Hittitologists generally translate this as ""orphan,"" Silver's consternation at being told by the orphan boy that he too was an orphan need not mean that he was discovering this for the first time. The Song of Silver again is fragmentary but does seem to involve Silver at some point establishing his power; Silver seized power with his hands. Silver seized the spear. He dragged the Sun and Moon down from heaven. The Sun and the Moon did reverence. They bowed to Silver. The Sun and the Moon began to speak to Silver: O Silver, our lord, do not strike/kill us! We are the luminaries of heaven and earth. We are the torches of what lands you govern. If you strike/kill us, you will proceed to govern the dark lands person-ally."" His soul within him was filled with love.He had pity on them In dragging the Sun and the Moon down from Heaven again it could be considered that is what had infused the Mountains with Gold and Silver, but also it could relate to the establishment of the cults of Allani and Ishara at the time of silver, the spiritual qualities brought down to Earth. Hopefully in the future more complete accounts of these texts will emerge as they are most intriguing and almost completely overlooked apart from specialists in the field, which is a pity as they are more interesting than most. edit on Kam1031300vAmerica/ChicagoThursday2731 by Kantzveldt because: (no reason given)"
"link There is simply no more denying, for millions of people across whatever planet we are actually on now, that the Mandela Effect is the greatest and most important single event in the history of all mankind on every possible level. That's not in question anymore, the only remaining question left is ""Who done it?"". Will the real one responsible for this, please stand up? Now, because this is the biggest display of sheer Power, there are a lot of government agencies whose only job is to make you think that they have power who are sitting down and yelling ""we did it, we are the ones and we did it with our collider!"" And there's others sitting down and yelling ""we did it, with our d computers!"" These collider and d computers are jokes, they can't do anything, you can barely play pacman on them - they are just impressive looking things to you which make you scared of the people who want to control you. That's all they are. You people need to stop being scared of your bullies. Your bully who took you lunch money every day in the 2nd grade - is not the same person who caused a universal-earth-ending-space-time-continuum-Shift. This is real power. Whoever can do this, isn't the same bully who took your lunch money in the 2nd grade. Your government and Nasa and Cern are all a bunch of bullies, who throw water bottles at your head then when you turn around they point to the person next to them and call them a terrorist. That's all they have done throughout the years. But whoever did the Mandela Effect is entirely different from them, whoever did that has True and Real Light. I'll just go ahead and flatly state it for the whole world to hear - I, Pyron, created the Mandela Effect through metaphysical sciences through writing. No computers no colliders, only my mind and heart. It was my true desire to create a new world where those who control you will lose control. I wrote from age 12 to age 32, obsessively for 20 years in a row without break, I've been rejected by everyone the whole time, no one out there has been continuously rejected like I have, so I just kept on continuously going into my own space and writing more and more. Not caring about money or controlling people for selfish gain or any of that, I was just going on a self-journey. And in doing that, I cracked the code for the fabric of the Space Time continuum and opened up the Stargate. And I recorded every last thing that I did, and tell the whole world exactly how I did it and how everything occurred in a 50 page book - that I've put up for free on Youtube. This 50 page book is the liberation and the Revolution for every soul in all of existence, and I offer it for free here www.youtube.com..."
"Shadow Government in South Korea page: 1 archive.is... >being a ... >since 2~3 years ago there was Ancient Aliens tier rumor that president Park is indoctrinated and being controled by handful of secret society called ""8선녀 (The 8 Goddess)"", and they're ruling Korea from behind >everyone laughed at this crude joke rumor >suddenly a week ago whistleblower confirmed this # was real >the 8 powerful Korean billionaire women formed secret society and ruled Korea from behind the veil >whistleblower stole PC and tablets from them, opened to media, confirming they did it all >they made decisions, from Park's text of speeches, reforming taxes by their own, maintaining national treasury, deciding every diplomatic moves from toe toe, assigning secretaries and ministers by their own >only 1 members of The 8 Goddess identity confirmed, it's former psychic woman named 'Choi Sun-sil' >according to the leak she indoctrinated President Park since age of 23 >yes, a psychic woman who's member of secret society indoctrinated the president >I ain't joking >tfw everyone didn't believed this anime plot tier ba# insane absurd news >seriously who's gonna believe this >then suddenly president Park made news conference yesterday >SHE CONFIRMED THIS LEAK IS REAL AND ASKED FORGIVENESS >tfw a country's president confirming that she's indoctrinated by the secret society at the news conference >EVERYONE PANIC >people started to get #s together >gathering informations about them >after digging it's confirmed that # loads of men are in jail right now for leaking the truth about The 8 Goddess >politicians who's in jail right now mentioned Choi and 8 Goddess right before they went jail >people found photos that Choi escorting Park since her age of early 20's >diggings found US ambassador report documents >it saying ""Choi Tae-Min (Choi Sun Sil's father) is fully control of Park's body and soul"" >Choi Sun Sil's whereabouts is mystery, she's somewhere in Germany edit on 27-10-2016 by WindCharger because: (no reason given) edit on 27-10-2016 by WindCharger because: (no reason given)"
"Mary Rodwell's New Book The New Human page: 1 link Go ahead and spout this is Project Camelot it's BS. You'll be wrong. Go ahead and call Mary Rodwell a liar she's just doing this for the money. You'll be wrong. This is what I have to say to open-minded individuals reading this: Put your seat belt on! In this interview, hypnotherapist and regressionist Mary Rodwell talks about the contents of her new book, The New Human , which apparently is soon to be released: For experiencers looking for a resource where you'll be treated with respect and have a chance to communicate, the organization Mary talked about in the interview is FREE, for Foundation for Research into Extra-terrestrial Encounters. link a reply to: C