onnectDots No offense but these people just sound completely full of sh*t. They present no evidence of anything but talk wildly about stuff that I don't even think they understand and use words that just sound interesting but are totally made up BS. They just talk to other crazies and kids and believe anything they hear and then repeat it. Gee, some little kids tell you they don't like school or don't get along with other kids so that makes them multidimensional space kids with mental powers???? Come on They love to drop cool sounding phrases built from psudo scientific jargon but I don't think they even understand what the words mean. They talk about telepathy and mental powers and stuff but do they have any evidence of it or just a bunch of stories made up from kids and crazies???"
"link Everyone is familiar with the saying 'Netflix and Chill,' but Netflix CEO Reed Hastings has an even better idea, 'Netflix and Chill Pill.' That's not the actual brand or product name, but more of a concept that Hastings introduced at a recent tech conference for the Wall Street Journal. When speaking about the future of Netflix, Hastings said that, while movies and TV shows may be all the rage now, he anticipates they'll eventually become obsolete and will be rivaled by pharmaceutical substitutes, ""like a pill that entertains you."" This according to a tweet from the Wall Street Journal. Netflix's CEO says entertainment pills could be the next big thing This article struck me as funny....so Netflix own CEO is saying the next big thing in entertainment at home is a pill? I wonder how close his ties are with BIG PHARMA? This is a really crazy thing for a CEO of a major company to be suggesting....drugs for entertainment purposes...sounds like he is trying to progress towards legalization of something to actually entertain us while we watch TV. Coming soon to a pharmacy near you...The Netflix and Chill Pill....knowing what ""Netflix and Chill"" actually means I think the phrase he used kinda promotes rape in the form he said it though....""here baby...take this pill before we start the movie....don't worry....it is for entertainment purposes"" Anywho....just the next big thing in drugs for our mindless youth to get caught up in!"
"a reply to: IAMTAT I like knowing that the powers of good are working quite effectively in the background. This election has opened up so much in the way of ""conspiracies"" that the average person paying even the slightest bit of attention have been exposed to how it actually works. I think we will continue to see this corrupt beast system brought into the light, regardless of the election, the elite have lost control. I really hope you're right. MY eyes have been REALLY opened to the corruption and the control. THIS election is about consolidation of a long construction of establishment/outside interest corruption spanning decades and both parties. It needs to be brought down before the cement hardens."
"I declare myself a conscientious objector page: 1 link With tensions as they are and a war on the horizon I have decided to declare myself a conscientious objector. The UK does not need to start a war in Syria, it does not need to start fight with Russia. None of that has any reliavance to the UK or its saftey! In fact it would make us more unsafe! War in these curmstances would not be for my defence. And in my opinion violence is only nessary or justified in self defence. Russias leaders have acted disgrafully. But our leaders in the USA and UK are equally as bad. For every Crimea there's a Iraq, for every Syria a Libya. There is no moral high ground, the USA or UK has no right to point fingers, nor does Russia. I will therefore refuse to support (directly or indirectly), take part in or contribute (beyond taxes) anything. My only exception being unarmed medical services that I will give neutrally to BOTH sides equally. In the unlikely event of a call up I will choose prison. I will not actively support or aid the other side beyond medical and humanitarian aid. Call me a traitor, a coward or anything you like, this is my decision . I want NO part in any looming conflict. edit on 27-10-2016 by crazyewok because: (no reason given) edit on 27-10-2016 by crazyewok because: (no reason given)"
"Heartless Trump cuts sweet old granny's water supply page: 1 link A 92-year-old Scottish widow is forced to drink stream water she collects in a wheelbarrow because Donald Trump refuses to fix the damage caused by builders working on his £1billion golf course. Grandmother Molly Forbes, 92, has refused to leave her cottage on the edge of Trump's golf resort in the tiny village of Balmedie, on the Aberdeenshire coast. The property developer and presidential hopeful, 70, has consistently tried to move Mrs Forbes and her son Michael from their home, which he has branded an 'eyesore'. Only a cold-blooded monster like Trump would be capable of something like this. He's been systematically bullying this innocent silver-haired grandmother to force her out of her property. Not only has he forced her to collect water daily at her frail old age, he is also keeping her from having a good night's sleep: Mrs Forbes says she has been subjected to an appalling campaign of intimidation, which allegedly includes cutting off the water supply to her property, floodlighting her bedroom window at night so she cannot sleep and building a massive wall against her property. She also claims security guards have tried to intimidate her by appearing at all hours of the day and night. Despite all this, she is determined not to be driven out. Source What is this vile man going to do to her next? Grope her? We must do all we can to support this sweet old granny and her son on their battle against ruthless Trump, and Trump must be forced to repair her water and leave them alone. This has gone too far! If this isn't proof that Trump is pure evil, I don't know what is. (Did I do this right?)"
"Jubilee Year of Mercy ends on November 20. Following Judgment? page: 1 Jesus to St Faustina: You will prepare the world for My final coming. (Diary 429) Speak to the world about My mercy ... It is a sign for the end times. After it will come the Day of Justice. While there is still time, let them have recourse to the fountain of My mercy. (Diary 848) Tell souls about this great mercy of Mine, because the awful day, the day of My justice, is near. (Diary 965). I am prolonging the time of mercy for the sake of sinners. But woe to them if they do not recognize this time of My visitation. (Diary 1160) Before the Day of Justice, I am sending the Day of Mercy. (Diary 1588) He who refuses to pass through the door of My mercy must pass through the door of My justice. (Diary 1146). The Jubilee Year of Mercy proclaimed by pope Francis, ends on November 20th the feast of Christ the King the end of the liturgical year. Every jubilee year is destined to end of course, that's why it is a year and not a decade.But...isn't it too much prophecy gathered in that last year? First of all, the Catholics expect earnestly the 100th anniversary of Fatima. The 100th year started on October 13 and would end on October 13, 2017. As pope Benedict said during his pontificate on his trip to Fatima, the 100th year will see the Fatima secrets fulfilled. Then, we had all kinds of predictions recently. Let only remember the once at the time Jewish rabbis predictions of the year 5776, encoded in Bible codes according to some of them, that also appeared to be the 49th jubilee year since the retaking of Jerusalem. ""Nothing happened, again"" would say many. Much happened in terms that might be the last quiet year before the events. Then we have the enigmatic wishes on the last Christmas of both pope and queen as if that would be our last Christmas? The wordings were vague enough to draw firm conclusion, anyway they were said and stirred public interest. There are more predictions, such as of major Solar kill shot, that even president Obama signed orders in case it happens. The French foreign minister said of 500 days before climate chaos, days that expired last Fall. How much more mercy is envisioned by God, in what time frames? If the sequence given in Garabandal of Great Warning- Miracle - Chastisement is to be accomplished before the 100th anniversary of Fatima, it seems God's mercy towards the entire world would end in less than a year time. The only possible date for the Miracle in 2017 would fall on April 13, Holy Thursday. Let make a distinction, mercy to individuals who accepted God's loving call, NEVER ENDS! But God is a just judge at the same time. The Chastisement is predicted by too many prophecies and cannot be disregarded as nonsense. Moreover,t he world today is in a worse shape than during the end of the Cold War. I don't know what exactly will follow, there are variety of scenarios each of them having its own justification and logic to exist. May be a combination of them will happen in reality. What is exactly Great Warning, is it only what is said to be by numerous seers, far not only those in Garabandal? For me it should include ET-angelic component. Time will tell. Time that runs out, according to Anguera and other apparitions of Virgin Mary. That doesn't mean it has all to happen on December 1st. Every next week draws us closer to the two doors, one of which is the Door of Mercy and the other the Door of Justice. Your take on recent catholic prophecy? Or may be protestant or orthodox one? edit on 27-10-2016 by 2012newstart because: (no reason given) edit on 27-10-2016 by 2012newstart because: (no reason given)"
"Northrop Unveils Sixth Gen Fighter Concept page: 1 Long time lurker, lost my original Username so...had to make a new one. Saw this on the news, breakingdefense.com... The shape looks familiar to the aircraft spotted over Kansas and Texas link a reply to: Cavrecon22 The F-XX and F/A-XX aren't even close to flying their demonstrators yet. They're testing systems, but they're nowhere close to flying. The Pentagon hasn't settled on the requirements yet. Looks like something out of Call of Duty! Awesome looking thing. Ah. Artist's impressions are a fools game. It's a fantasy until it actually 