starts getting prototyped, build and delivered. Russia seems to generate quite a few artist's impressions of things that would never get built. For instance, this is an artist's impression of my new house... .. but this is what got built. Aliens and UFOs : 1 hours ago top topics 2016 US Elections : 15 hours ago, 22 flags active topics new topics The Above Top Secret Web site is a wholly owned social content community of The Above Network, LLC . 
This content community relies on user-generated content from our member contributors. The opinions of our members are not those of site ownership who maintains strict editorial agnosticism and simply provides a collaborative venue for free expression. 
All content copyright 2016, The Above Network, LLC."
"Britain to send hundreds more troops to Russia border as Cold War tension escalates page: 1 link Britain will send hundreds more troops close to Russia’s border, the Government has said, as the Prime Minister also called for “pressure” on Moscow over the Syria crisis. Around 800 soldiers along with tanks, armoured vehicles and drones will now head to Estonia in the spring in a Nato effort to reassure the Baltic states over Russian aggression. Is it starting to look like WW3 yet? Let's see if the main critiques of these kinds of threads are answered. 1. Is this ""saber rattling""? No. 2. Is this move unequivocally directly related to countering Russia? Yes. 3. Is this ""fearmongering""? No. There was something in the news yesterday that seemed to slip by everyone: Guy Verhofstadt, former prime minister of Belgium and now the EU’s representative on Brexit talks with the UK, called Spain’s decision to allow the refuelling “scandalous”. ""It is scandalous that Spain, a member of NATO and the EU, is today allowing the Russian #Kuznetsov fleet to refuel and receive technical assistance on Spanish territory. Only last week – this Spanish Government signed up to a statement from the European Council accusing Russia of war crimes against civilians in #Aleppo, yet today it provides assistance to a fleet which has one purpose; the annihilation of Aleppo and the harassment of EU & NATO forces ."" SOURCE Did Guy Verhofstadt just state that Russia is using a fleet of warships to terrorize EU & NATO forces? I realize that the word ""harassment"" is used in the quote above, but how does that word fit in this context? It seems like it could be a coded message. Either way, ""the harassment of EU & NATO forces"" sounds like it could be an act of war to me. That's the essence of my argument for why WW3 has already started. It's well past the point of ""saber rattling"" and ""posturing"", actual harassment/terrorism/warfare (take your pick of words) is involved. edit on 27-10-2016 by Profusion because: (no reason given) link a reply to: Profusion Hm. On its side, Russia has just unveiled her new, Satan 2 nuclear warhead, capable of ""destroying UK two times over"". I agree with you, this isn't just saber rattling anymore. Good thread. We should really kick those baltic states out of NATO. They've been nothing but trouble since we let them in. Turkey can go too. Ever wondered if it is a spiritual war where the peasants in the soldiers native country are soon to be tested by Jesus. 1) remove all military personal overseas. 2) create war between imported terrorists (ISIS) and local Brits. 3) the Brits that cower, die fast. The ones that stand their ground get angelic powers and become the New World leaders after all of Lucifers goons are Judged and Hung. link originally posted by: Profusion Britain will send hundreds more troops close to Russia’s border, the Government has said, as the Prime Minister also called for “pressure” on Moscow over the Syria crisis. Around 800 soldiers along with tanks, armoured vehicles and drones will now head to Estonia in the spring in a Nato effort to reassure the Baltic states over Russian aggression. Is it starting to look like WW3 yet? Let's see if the main critiques of these kinds of threads are answered. 1. Is this ""saber rattling""? No. 2. Is this move unequivocally directly related to countering Russia? Yes. 3. Is this ""fearmongering""? No. There was something in the news yesterday that seemed to slip by everyone: Guy Verhofstadt, former prime minister of Belgium and now the EU’s representative on Brexit talks with the UK, called Spain’s decision to allow the refuelling “scandalous”. ""It is scandalous that Spain, a member of NATO and the EU, is today allowing the Russian #Kuznetsov fleet to refuel and receive technical assistance on Spanish territory. Only last week – this Spanish Government signed up to a statement from the European Council accusing Russia of war crimes against civilians in #Aleppo, yet today it provides assistance to a fleet which has one purpose; the annihilation of Aleppo and the harassment of EU & NATO forces ."" SOURCE Did Guy Verhofstadt just state that Russia is using a fleet of warships to terrorize EU & NATO forces? I realize that the word ""harassment"" is used in the quote above, but how does that word fit in this context? It seems like it could be a coded message. Either way, ""the harassment of EU & NATO forces"" sounds like it could be an act of war to me. That's the essence of my argument for why WW3 has already started. It's well past the point of ""saber rattling"" and ""posturing"", actual harassment/terrorism/warfare (take your pick of words) is involved. It's American election time. Just look at the Philippine situation also. Distraction at its finest. link a reply to: Rapha the Brits that cower, die fast. The ones that stand their ground get angelic powers and become the New World leaders after all of Lucifers goons are Judged and Hung. Oh? I've stood my ground alot of times, yet this didn't make me gain any Level Up Angelic Powers, nor did I become leader of the New World and made Lucy's goon magically hang in the process? Maybe I did it wrong? Perhaps I didn't do my stance right when I stood my ground? edit on 27-10-2016 by swanne because: (no reason given) link a reply to: Profusion It is scandalous that Spain, a member of NATO and the EU, is today allowing the Russian #Kuznetsov fleet to refuel and receive technical assistance on Spanish territory. spain cancelled this, yesterday . a reply to: Profusion i wish brtian will just let USA destroy it self and stop licking their a$$es. Russia should be left alone or at least have dialoge on similar interesets. All becasue of USA big EGO they stepped into syria edit on ThursdaythkThu, 27 Oct 2016 05:36:46 -0500America/Chicago4Thursday2016201646 by lSkrewloosel because: (no reason given) originally posted by: Ohanka We should really kick those baltic states out of NATO. Why? So that we could leave Russia free to invade and occupy them again? Did I say occupy? Sorry, I meant annex. Moving troops around NATO members for training and inter-service collaboration id not new. It's just reported a bit more because to the current tensions. Note that a couple of weeks ago Russia was putting massive forces into their enclave of Kaliningrad which makes the movement of a few hundred British squaddies seem a little bit of a token gesture. Kaliningrad was a part of Germany annexed by Russia after WW2 and the place was ethnically cleansed of the natives. link a reply to: Rapha Don't really see how anyone or anything for that matter could stand there ground against a nuclear attack. This has nothing to do with spiritual war, this is about humanity's inability to communicate without resorting to waving there nuclear penis at one another. If there is a third world war of the nuclear variety nobody wins and all it will serve to achieve is to set back humanity for the next 10,000 years or so. edit on 27-10-2016 by andy06shake because: (no reason given) link originally posted by: Rapha Ever wondered if it is a spiritual war where the peasants in the soldiers native country are soon to be tested by Jesus. 1) remove all military personal overseas. 2) create war between imported terrorists (ISIS) and local Brits. 3) the Brits that cower, die fast. The ones that stand their ground get angelic powers and become the New World leaders after all of Lucifers goons are Judged and Hung. I guess a link is out of the question ? a reply to: Profusion i wish brtian will just let USA destroy it self and stop licking their a$$es. Russia should be left alone or at least have dialoge on similar interesets. All becasue of USA big EGO they stepped into syria Exactly. The dumbarses destroy each other. Britain can survive and pick up the pieces. In WW3 NO ONE WINS. So no point getting involved! As a UK citizen i refuse to support any actions of aggression and will remain neutral. I do not care if that makes me a traitor. edit on 27-10-2016 by crazyewok because: (no reason given) link a reply to: crazyewok If the USA and Russia do decide to start lobbing atomics at one another whether or not Britain chooses to play the part of Americas lap dog is nether here nor there considering it will ultimately lead to full blown world war. Even if we were not targeted and they kept there exchange to there own nations we would still be blanketed by the fallout contaminating our water supply's, food stuffs, land and atmosphere beyond repair for the next few thousand years. So your no traitor for not supporting there crazy nonsensical saber rattling, point of fact i imagine most people can see Nuclear war for the no brainer it actually is. link originally posted by: swanne I've stood my ground alot of times, yet this didn't make me gain any Level Up Angelic Powers, nor did I become leader of the New World and made Lucy's goon magically hang in the process? Maybe I did it wrong? Perhaps I didn't do my stance right when I stood my ground? By not committing suicide is already a stance. A lot of people are losing it now with suicides on the rise. It will be at least a week or two before something big happens. Just hang-in-there. We should really kick those baltic states out of NATO. They've been nothing but trouble since we let them in. Turkey can go too. This is right, and not only for warmongerers reasons! But we also sh