ould not forget that these miniature states are only used too, like the rest of dumb europe. By the anglo-american axis, some call it meanwhile the new axis of evil. Bceause, for the simple reason that russia didn´t break made promises, after the Globalists ""reunited"" Germany, let´s better say brought down the wall(To be honest, there is no unity between german people, often not even in the own families, less than ever between the east and west of germany). The broken promises were about the eastward enlargement of the NATO. NATO's Eastward Expansion Did the West Break Its Promise to Moscow? ""Russian President Dmitry Medvedev has accused the West of breaking promises made after the fall of the Iron Curtain, saying that NATO's expansion into Eastern Europe violated commitments made during the negotiations over German reunification. Newly discovered documents from Western archives support the Russian position."" Russia didn´t expand his military troops to the borders of the USA or UK, didn´t build a rocket shield in Mexico, Canada or elsewhere at the borders of the USA. I read right now that Orban acts the same like Erdolf aka Erdogan. The last hungarian newspaper that reported about the criminal acts of the Orban family, the ""Népszabadság"" was closed down, freedom of the press is almost terminated now. And those EU puppets send taxmoney to such states and get nothing but problems back, but don´t even try to stop such Hobby Hitlers. Good that Erdolfistan is not in the EU like hungaria and the other ""want revenge from russia"" liliputh states. And the people that elected Orban, just for anti-refugee and othe Nazi reasons, for nothing else? Another year under Orban and they will end as refugees in western europe! That will become embarrassing for the anti-refugee masses... To come to an end. It´s obvisiously the ""west"" who is playing foul, playing foul and nothing else than that, at least since 9/11. The anglo-american axis(the modern mass surveillance pioneers) is surrounding russia, not russia the ""west""(and is using it´s idiot european ""partners"" for this). It´s not russia that covers every part of the world with his military and his eavesdrop stations. It´s not russia that ""owns"" almost unsinkable aircraft carries like Germany(38.500 US troops in germany), for example. It´s not russia that stores nuke in germany, that we germans aren´t even allowed to own or store on our territory. The NSA isn´t russian. TTIP, CETA, NAFTA, TISA and all that, isn´t russian. The bankster crash 2008 was not based in russia. The robber baron capitalism that ""feeds"" a few but exploits 99,9% is not coming from communism(though they learned fast how it works). Monsanto, Dupont etc, not russian. I could go on and on, but i have to come to an end."
"New NASA Footage Films UFO Flying Past page: 1 link Here the video shows a very odd craft zooming past. It looks to be very direct on its movement and shows no sign of being as NASA love to use ''debris'' flying by. It is on its own and on its own path. Be nice to see what others think about this footage I have no idea whether this is coming from NASA hardware or not. It states on the video also 2016, I presume this is new. It would seem we are being visited all the time, by our visitors. Star people, ET's. edit on 27-10-2016 by BlackProject because: (no reason given)"
"link a reply to: Profusion I must point out to you, that his statements are accurate. What is more, they are entirely appropriate to the situation. As we speak, proxy war is being fought by the destabilising forces of IS, sponsored by Western nations and interests by the back door, against the Assad regime. That regime is an ally of Russia. I am tired of pointing these things out, but to suggest that Russia is the problem, when for most of the last two decades, there has been western sponsored terrorism all over the most volatile region of the planet, smacks to me of the most unutterable witlessness. Russia is not the problem. I would not go as far as to say that it never was, and lets face it, the Russian government are not clean handed. But here is the thing... Russia cannot dishonour the British. It cannot dishonour the Americans. It can only make choices that make its nation look bad, and many of the choices it has made, with specific regard to its ACTUAL war effort against terror in Syria, have been absolutely legitimate, especially since they were not the cause of the problems there in the least. No... only OUR nations governments can dishonour us, and dishonour us they do. Every gun that makes its way from America and Britain, into the hands of a terrorist, dishonours us. Every time those weapons we sell the terrorists by the back door, are used to kill an innocent, we are dishonoured, stained with blood we would not wish to be shed. Our leaders, those of America and Britain not to mention other allies, THEY are the problem here. Their meddling, proxy warring, greed and hunger for power are the problem. They are the problem because we pay the taxes that make it possible. They are the problem because we did not give them permission to do these things in our name, because we would not want these things done in our name, and because they are supposed to be our representatives. No backstabbing, soft handed, work shy bastard represents me. No assemblage of schemers and game players represents me. No such mob represents my people on their best day, because on our best day the British people are not cold, evil, calculating and prepared to screw anyone to succeed. On our best day, even the least of us has more fair play and determination to do right than our government have. The same can be said a thousand fold for the leadership of the United States. We are not evil people, and yet we have allowed evil people to usurp the purpose of the tithe taken from our labour, to turn our effort, sweat and blood, into bloodshed overseas. We have had enemies made for us, by people we have mindlessly elected to positions with which they cannot be trusted. And we have the gall to be concerned about RUSSIA? I despair, I absolutely despair! This is not a game, this is not politics, this is real life. We should be doing better with it, and we are not. We should not be sliding ever further to the right, and yet we are. We should not be accepting the programming, and yet that is precisely what is happening all over the world, and in the OP of this very post. We MUST take back control of our governments. We MUST prevent our leaders from continuing these outmoded concepts of proxy war and destabilisation. We MUST mend the things our leaders broke in our name, we MUST take responsibility for those things, and we must NEVER allow them to happen again. In the meantime, we must leave Russia to deal with the crisis in Syria, so that the nation can be rebuilt, its infrastructure repaired, its homes and cities bought back to a livable state, and so that we are not distracted by a war that could turn from a pantomime into an even greater tragedy than it already is. I tire of this bizarre and ridiculous charade that we are apparently too stupid to stop, too uncaring to prevent. It needs to end, and end today, yesterday, TEN DAMNED YEARS AGO OR MORE! Can we stop accepting the lies, the obfuscations, the programming we have been fed? Can we PLEASE start doing that as a group? Would that be too damned much to ask? Because to be quite frank, if we cannot even do that, then we deserve to burn in nuclear fire for a hundred years, because we are not going to do ourselves any favours continuing such a pathetic existence as our leaders have created for us, cattle like and willing to believe whatever we are told, except that the sound of the bolt gun ahead is anything to worry about. edit on 27-10-2016 by TrueBrit because: grammatical error correction."
"link My first introduction to the world of conspiracy theories was a DVD I found while on vacation visiting my girlfriend in Kent, Ohio. There was a little bridge over a muddy area on a trail by the Cuyahoga river, and for some reason my girlfriend and I decided to take the muddy path instead of the bridge. Well, she slipped and fell, so I helped her up and we made our way back to the bridge to go across the sane way, when we saw a sleeve stapled to the outside of the wooden handrail with a DVD in it labeled simply with ""infowars.com Jesse Ventura 9/11"", and I grabbed it because... well, why not? Popped it in at her house and watched it, it was an episode or two from Jesse Ventura's show Conspiracy Theory, one about FEMA camps, one about 9/11, and then some reletively short clip of Alex Jones yelling at me, and ending with an audio clip of some guy preaching about the end times coming soon and needing to get right with Jesus or something. I dunno, I didn't listen much to him because I don't care a thing for religion. Anyhow, that's at least what opened my mind, so to speak, to this world of conspiracy. True or not, most of them are entertaining at least. So, I can't say they were delivered to my door. Far from it in fact, they were instead hidden on a park trail 600 miles away from home."
"Secret messages hidden within the SPAM of the Podesta Emails ? page: 1 link Good morning ATS! So, after I get to work and do all my morning routine stuff I sat down at my pc, opened up my usual tabs and began searching through the most recent leak when lo and behold, I ran across a comment on the 4chan thread about today's release: REMEMBER: CHECK EMAILS THAT LOOK LIKE SPAM WE FOUND SPOOKY SOROS # HIDDEN IN FAKE SPAM EMAILS Wow, so my ears perked up at this and I asked for an example. A bit lower down an anon posted this: They are using Spam as a way to communicate. There was thread on plebbit about it, look -- here's an example: https://__._/podesta-emails/emailid/31971 Well, I pulled up the referenced email and read the following: George Soros and the whole hedge-fund phenomenon. They had no Check out our tried-and-true method of male enhancement! waixalle.com... The answer was clear. George Soros seemed to be a modern Midas.body. And all hedge-fund managers have been subject to antifraud legislation. A hedge fund can av