oid registering as an investment firm,her contention that the late rise in gold prices had been the result of could cost as much as $1.5 billion.Perfect way to get more manly You can imagine my surprise when I see a reference to George Soros within an email about male enhancement. Well, clicking on that thread lead to the following post: There have been a few interesting emails disguised as spam. Here's a good one: https://__._/podesta-emails/emailid/26434#efmACcADo Well, the email that post references has this: would shunt the wastewater to a treatment facility indifferent image.States. In the above-reference Reddit thread, one poster says this: Holy crap. The woman who owns the ashidome domain is the executive director of at&t Elsewhere, I don't recall where, a Google search for waixalle.com... gives the following as one of the search results: link: the body of Christopher Barrios about 3 miles from his Just imagine how your gf will be happy to see this large love gun! Five British embassy workers who were kidnapped inLouisville would have e= xpected to be soundly booed, they Pakistan Javaid Iqbal said, ""the advice of the SupremeHolmes says that lo= w-income single-parent households are Mr=2E Putin confirmed once again his views on any use ofHuge dimension gi= ves increased force"
"Must be impeach of a hand page: 1 link Mingling through some thoughts tonight on thoughts of current events and the next president. No matter who wins, there will be plenty of baggage being brought into the White House. Between tapes and recordings being uncovered to Wikileaks and Project Veritas, corruption and ethical immoralities run deep in both candidates. The drips and leaks from both ends of the mudpit seem to be coming to a fever pitch. Will it end on Nov.9 or will there still be more. Could each side be holding on to a real key piece of damning material to have our future POTUS impeached? This brings up the choices of VP. Kaine and Pence. Now I could just be a tad ignorant here, but I've never heard of either one of them. I understand that they've had minor roles in government however the choices struck me as odd. Were these two possibly chosen for them? Are they the backup plan?"
"link Okay, we are all familiar with the theory that our universe is some sort of simulation, math that works so specifically, so well, so many predictions from math and science that are proved right more and more often etc and so on. (not going to get into ""proof"" google it!) So you have to ask yourself WHY would a thing, being, God, whatever want to create such a virtual simulation? We know that we as humans have the right to live and have family's, often with as many kids as sustainable (at the time). This means that however well we create food, we WILL use up all resources on this planet weather we make the best plans or not. But we cant crack viable ways to leave this planet and populate others beyond our own slowly decaying star. So what about this. What if the answer was to create a sped up reality, using all our computing and programming powers to emulate the universe (or observable universe), wait for life to grow on a planet and then give them the same problem we have so that we can reap the answer for ourselves? LEAVING THE SOLAR SYSTEM TO COLONISE OTHER SYSTEMS, INDEFINITELY. Could it be as simple as that? Love to hear your thoughts, been thinking about this for some time now."
"a reply to: corblimeyguvnor My current avatar is in celebration of Doctor Who Day, the 23rd of November. I have to agree, Tom was also my favourite of the oldies, and Peter Capaldi is my favourite of the reboot. He is old, he can be childish but also so deep, he can be dark but also joyful. His Heavensent episode was absolutely... Awesome. a reply to: sanitizedinfo Sorry to derail the thread! God is Time, eh? Hm, that's actually pretty thought provoking. I often picture God as the result of Time, a bit like the concept of the Omega Point. But God being Time is as interesting of an idea. If entropy increases with passing time, however, doesn't that mean that God is doomed to lose coherence in the future? Proposition: What if Time (Chronos) is actually the emeny of God (Zeus), forever attempting to swallow the latter's substance? edit on 27-10-2016 by swanne because: (no reason given)"
"link IMO, here is what is happening. you guys are jumping to conclusions by not having any context and taking this at face value. I've been into this a very long time, and with that perspective I see some repeating patterns. To the point of the op, this is the same old same old--with a new generation of players. We've seen the same exact thing over the last 70 years with people like George Adamski, David Fry, Billy Meier, William Moore, and Steven Greer. It's the same story: A privileged individual is given the keys to open a few doors about what ""really is happening."" Tom DeLonge believes (and that's all it takes) he has been given these keys, and he's running with it, as his handlers knew he would. Tom sees this whole ""Sekret Machines"" schtick as a ""franchise."" That's how he talks about it. when he says ""franchise"" he's talking in George Lucas Star Wars terms with movie tie-ins, merchandise, graphic novels, coffee cups, t-shirts, and back packs. That's his vision for this. He sees opportunity to make this thing BIG. Now, he's been writing to Podesta and who knows who else, but he and we know Podesta has an interest in UFOs. So Podesta is seen by Tom as an ""in"" for what he perceives as the new administration and he is offering himself as a legitimate representative of his generation. His statement to Podesta is one of POSITIONING HIMSELF as a natural go-between for these issues--especially with ""young people."" It has nothing really to do with young people being disenfranchised and cynical and everything to do with Tom DeLonge taking an important position vis-a-vis ""Disclosure."" If DeLonge pulls this off it won't be Stephen Bassett of the Paradigm Research Group or Steven Greer, who ""once had dinner with the head of the CIA"" whose name is forever associated with ""Disclosure."" The name everyone will remember is Tom DeLonge. THAT'S what is happening here. DeLonge is attempting to position himself to take major advantage of what he now thinks is reality, and which also includes a major Star-Wars-sized ""franchise"" that has the potential of turning him from a mere multi-millionaire into something much larger. Of course, he may also be a dupe and or delusional, but he may not know that yet. edit on 10/27/2016 by schuyler because: (no reason given)"
"link I am sure that this post will fall on deaf ears. I am also sure that this may not be the best place to make any form of impact as let's be honest. I do not think many muslim's reside on this website and if they do, then I am sure they will defend their side just as usual. Tommy Robinson (also known as Stephen Christopher Yaxley-Lennon) is the co-founder and leader of the English Defence League. Some of you who know this man may already, may have opinions about him because of his creation of the EDL and what some of its members have been known to behave like. However, Tommy Robinson in my eyes is one of the very few, if not the only person to stand up to the islamist movement in this country. It is a good thing he is around whether you respect him or not as islamists have one thing in common, they have a lot to loose and also a lot to gain either way. Just like anyone that stands up to a movement like islam, its always a difficult one. Considering England has been asleep for to long to even notice what is going on under its nose. Everyone thinks England is promoting multiculturalism by allowing Islam to move freely within this country but islam and its ways are not to get along peacefully, they want western cultures out completely. If left to their own devices, England will be taken over within 10 - 20 years or sooner. Here is a short video of Tommy Robinson travelling through his local town and regardless of him being the main man of the EDL he is not being abusive to anyone yet this is the kind of treatment a born and raised English man gets in his own home town. As you can tell in the video above. Disgusting behaviour by disgusting people who are using their faith as a scape goat to instil fear, scaremonger and literally drive out English people from there home towns. How? Because people of England are sitting back and not sharing their fears about such extremism in their own country. Also a big shame is that the younger generation are being taught to accept anyone and everyone and although this is a beautiful message to portray this is the root cause of Islam continuing to grow. You will see in many debates get side tracked by blank statements made by younger generations about such political points only to end up with a nonsensical opinion that gets us nowhere. The older generation are tired of fighting, so we have only this moment in time to get those capable, those noticing changes in the UK and America and many other places to realise what is occurring before there is no one of the right age to know how things have changed. Desensitisation is the worry here. There is so much to cover a topic like this could last pages and pages, however I just want to point out a few things. The rest should be up to conversation. The current state of moderate muslims is not a thing. A muslim lives by the faith of Islam and if they had to side with one or the other, they would side with Islam. This should be cause of concern because even though they deem themselves not the same or as severe, they are in fact, just as severe. Basically they are sleeper cells being created within our very own country. They are not here to live peacefully along side us either. They are here to promote their faith and grow, growing means pushing more and more on other faiths that for many years have lived together, peacefully. Only until now, has this country had problems like this. I am not here to promote Tommy Robinson but I am here to state that this mans points should be heard. If you have the time now or again, give this video below a watch. He explains very well 