eft now? The poor and disaffected who don't get the insurance through their work (basically the people who were invoked to pass the bill) are going to, now, take the brunt of the hikes. Of course they will because they're the ones on the exchanges. One thing Hillary would like to do is provide more federal funding to get younger people signed up, to lower the risk pool and in turn lower premiums. Of course, the Republicans won't work with her on it because ""OBAMACARE,"" so who knows. I guess everyone is holding out for single payer, which is the inevitable result once the insurance industry collapses under the high cost of medical treatment. yes, the young ones who are also making minimum wage or close. If they make any money at all, they will miss the subsidies and be paying the $500 to $800 a month the rest of us have to pay. The way it was before Obamacare was much much better for everyone except the one's with pre-existing conditions. It's a shame we couldn't have someone who was smart enough to grasp that. Then they could have just tried to fix that tiny slice of the population instead of jamming a broomstick up the rest of us. originally posted by: Mr Headshot a reply to: kruphix Kinda going to spin off that, but isn't it funny that that is the argument being made by the left now? The poor and disaffected who don't get the insurance through their work (basically the people who were invoked to pass the bill) are going to, now, take the brunt of the hikes. Of course they will because they're the ones on the exchanges. One thing Hillary would like to do is provide more federal funding to get younger people signed up, to lower the risk pool and in turn lower premiums. Of course, the Republicans won't work with her on it because ""OBAMACARE,"" so who knows. I guess everyone is holding out for single payer, which is the inevitable result once the insurance industry collapses under the high cost of medical treatment. ""More Federal Funding"" is just code for, ""we are going to increase taxes""...so Hillary's solution for high Health insurance Premiums, is to move the taxpayer drain a little farther to left and call it something else. I mean what choice would she have, if she wants to keep some semblance of this disaster intact? The Obama/Clinton regime doubled the National Debt to over $20 trillion dollars in 8 yearts...how much deeper can that go before the whole bubble bursts? a reply to: Vasa Croe The price hikes are a direct slap in the face to those of us that own our own small businesses and pay for insurance on our own. That's right they forgot if you have less than 50 people employed you do not have to provide insurance to your employees. originally posted by: Mr Headshot a reply to: kruphix Kinda going to spin off that, but isn't it funny that that is the argument being made by the left now? The poor and disaffected who don't get the insurance through their work (basically the people who were invoked to pass the bill) are going to, now, take the brunt of the hikes. Of course they will because they're the ones on the exchanges. One thing Hillary would like to do is provide more federal funding to get younger people signed up, to lower the risk pool and in turn lower premiums. Of course, the Republicans won't work with her on it because ""OBAMACARE,"" so who knows. I guess everyone is holding out for single payer, which is the inevitable result once the insurance industry collapses under the high cost of medical treatment. And where exactly does federal funding come from? *looks at wallet* No such thing as a free lunch. My healthcare costs have gone up almost 50% while benefits have gone down, and I'm on an employer provided plan. I'm 33yo and healthy as a horse. Healthcare is not a right, quit treating it as such. Get some actual competition in the system as well as some tort reform and maybe you'll see some improvement. Start jailing cronies and letting unprofitable companies fail you'll see some improvement. I feel sorry for anyone who believes that Democrats/Republicans are one dimes worth of different from each other... edit on 10-27-2016 by cynicalheathen because: (no reason given)"
"Can anyone help with the meaning behind a mystery playing card? page: 1 link Trying this again My son found a playing card on his college campus. The back was a fairly normal design except it looks like the Facebook logo right in the middle. The front is the 8 of Diamonds with the words ""The truth is out there"" and ""The Path of Light"" written on it...also a couple of symbols drawn on it. We were wondering if this has some known meaning that anyone recognizes or maybe its just the rambling scribblings of someone with too much time on their hands. I tried to cross reference path of light and 8 of diamonds with the X-Files, but didn't come up with anything. I'll post a couple of pics as soon as I figure out how."
"link I want to preface this by saying there is no ""Planet X"" IMO as pertains to the views of such a planet that many on this board hold. However, I have always felt there was a massive missing planet as we could never satisfactorily explain perturbations of a planet like Jupiter and the movement of outer objects. The view that there is a missing massive planet has always been on the table and NASA has always supported the idea and never stood in the way of people trying to find proof of it. We know planets, often many, orbit stars in this outer region, why should we be different? Link: Planet X Overview, Source: NASA Caltech researchers have found evidence suggesting there may be a ""Planet X"" deep in the solar system. This hypothetical Neptune-sized planet orbits our sun in a highly elongated orbit far beyond Pluto. The object, which the researchers have nicknamed ""Planet Nine,"" could have a mass about 10 times that of Earth and orbit about 20 times farther from the sun on average than Neptune. It may take between 10,000 and 20,000 Earth years to make one full orbit around the sun. But this is all from January you might say, quite old and possibly already discussed. Fast forward to my news feed for today and what do I find? Narrowing the field for the 9th planet Batygin and Brown's work narrowed down the planet’s possible mass and orbit to areas where previous observations might have missed it. Their calculations suggest that it has a mass between five to 20 times that of Earth—a figure that is key to knowing the approximate size of the object they are looking for. They also suggest that its orbit is likely tilted about 30 degrees compared to the plane of the solar system—the relatively thin, flat zone in which the eight major planets orbit. They also propose that the planet is now likely near its farthest point from the sun, in the sky's northern hemisphere, and that it likely has an elongated orbit averaging between 380 and 980 astronomical units (AU) from the sun. (One AU is the average distance between Earth and the sun.) We are on the virge of finding a very real planet in our outer solar system. They previsouly released this model for what the orbit could look like: And they've created 100+ more of those which have not yet been published. n an as-yet unpublished set of about 100 new high-resolution computer simulations, Batygin says he and Brown have narrowed down Planet Nine's location to a roughly 600- to 800-square degree patch of sky. The biggest piece of proof has turned out to be the very tilt of our solar system from the perspective of the inner planets. Bailey and her colleagues ran computer simulations that suggest that the tilt of the eight official planets can be explained by the gravitational influence of Planet Nine ""over the 4.5-billion-years-ish lifetime of the solar system,"" Bailey told Space.com. This is fascinating stuff!"
"Images reveal crashed Schiaparelli Mars lander page: 1 link We knew as time passed that Schiaparelli had failed in its mission to become ESA's first working lab on mars , now the efforts of ESA to locate their missing lander have provided the proof that Schiaparelli crashed on Mars , as suggested by the data returned before the event. If at first you don't succeed Looks like an impact crater to me. Mars succès rate is all told about 50%? originally posted by: gortex the efforts of ESA to locate their missing lander have provided the proof that Schiaparelli crashed on Mars R.I.P Schiaparelli, you never even got a chance to reveal some of the secrets of Mars. Okay, we're on a conspiracy site, i'll say it... Looks like an impact crater to me. Schiaparelli's impact. NASA have a good success rate landing on Mars probably due to them being well funded , in comparison ESA don't seem to have all of their ducks in a line to be able to take the next step. Shame really as we are going looking for life where NASA seems content to look for the conditions that would have allowed life to start. originally posted by: gortex NASA have a good success rate landing on Mars probably due to them being well funded , Shame really as we are going looking for life where NASA seems content to look for the conditions that would have allowed life to start. Nasa does have a good success rate, Curiosity's wacky landing putting the cream on the cake, since it obviously worked. Ihave to say though it's kind of weird that there were two failed events. The chute, then the rocket in the next sequence one aiding the other sort of, (I'm assuming that the rockets would have fired in a controlled fashion but then cut off prematurely) edit on 27-10-2016 by smurfy because: Text."
"I feel emotions with such depth and intensity they seem so familiar as if lived before, like deja vu they leave their residue, images form and bounce back and forth between heart and mind. It is mercy that I have forgotten so much more than remembered, time has allowed me to change and redefine them, such a crushing and heavy load to carry otherwise. If I am defined by those lost memories what am I? A loop between my heart and mind, thoughts and feelings rise and fall. Thoughtful ruminations give way to painful images and recollections. Oh there are good, even wonderful memories. I hang on to them like an album of pictures, I turn the page