s and revisit those good times. They chronicle by not so much as what they show but what they don't. some are filled with regret, others live in denial, always hoping for a happy ending. My emotions sometimes rip through my chest and a sadness as black as night covers me, but I have determined not to cower, but to meet them with head and heart! I will not give up, I will not give up!"
"a reply to: kruphix Theocracy? Tim Kaine? In September 1980, as violence and civil war erupted throughout Central America, a quiet American left Harvard Law School to volunteer with Jesuit missionaries in northern Honduras. Around him, the United States-backed military dictatorship hunted Marxists and cracked down on the Catholic clergy for preaching empowerment to peasant farmers. But some locals also looked warily on the bearded and mop-haired Midwesterner in their midst. Just a few hours south, the Central Intelligence Agency was using Honduras as a staging ground in its covert war against Latin American communism, with right-wing forces training for operations in El Salvador and Nicaragua. “Some of the people were wondering what’s going on, who is this guy?” Tim Kaine, then a 22-year-old volunteer and now the Democratic nominee for vice president, said in an interview. He understood why. His mentors in the priesthood had also urged him to be wary of friendly American faces. Continue reading the main story Advertisement Continue reading the main story “It was a time of such intrigue and suspicion,” Mr. Kaine said. Far from being a C.I.A. operative, Mr. Kaine was a young Catholic at a crossroads, undergoing a spiritual shift as he awakened to the plight of the deeply poor in Honduras. In its far-flung pueblos, banana plantation company towns and dusty cities, Mr. Kaine embraced an interpretation of the gospel, known as liberation theology, that championed social change to improve the lives of the downtrodden. In Honduras, his recitation of the traditional Catholic mealtime blessing changed to “Lord give bread to those who hunger, and hunger for justice to those who have bread.” Honduran military leaders, American officials and even Pope John Paul II viewed liberation theology suspiciously, as dangerously injecting Marxist beliefs into religious teaching. But the strong social-justice message of liberation theology helped set Mr. Kaine on a left-veering career path in which he fought as a lawyer against housing discrimination, became a liberal mayor, and rose as a Spanish-speaking governor and senator with an enduring focus on Latin America."
"Hillary Conquers 2 Steps with Little Help page: 1 link She has again conquered a flight of stairs, well 2 steps, with little help. As you can see in the video she takes the first step with ease as her helper rushes to her side just in time. The next step was larger and she glances back knowing a lending hand is there. He gives her a boost and she proudly, albeit ironically, holds up her ""Stronger Together"" sign. Political Mudpit seems like a good spot for this. With how Presidents age in office, how much is she going to deteriorate over the next 4 years? Ghost I though she was about to perform a pole dance. (post by paradoxious removed for a serious terms and conditions violation) link What with all of the time she spends off of the campaign trail, you would think she could spend a little time in the gym, working on her leg strength. And I know, given all of the ""speech money"" she and Bill have socked away, she can afford to hire a personal trainer... link a reply to: mobiusmale What with all of the time she spends off of the campaign trail, you would think she could spend a little time in the gym, working on her leg strength. And cut into her 16 hours of sleep and naps per day? Not likely. link originally posted by: ghostrager Could it just be that the second step was a little higher up and she needed some help? Or maybe theven gentleman that is supposed to be by her side was just being a gentleman. Good thing Franklin D. Roosevelt isn't running in the US today. don't fool yourself, ol frank was in some deep pockets to. And cut into her 16 hours of sleep and naps per day? Not likely. I had heard it was 18 hours. Good thing Franklin D. Roosevelt isn't running in the US today. don't fool yourself, ol frank was in some deep pockets to. In this case it was about steps, not which pocket. There all in some pocket even if it isn't about money. link a reply to: roadgravel frank also tried to hide the extant his disability from the public as best he could. sounds very familiar to me. link Her, age in office? We're talking about the grim reaper here. Who's already been in cahoots with other elites and has been in the game completely giving zero f***s about anything except power. Anyway, the video didn't really deliver. She is wearing heels, so that's enough to valid needing a hand assist. Enough to be a non story, and discredit her real concerning health issues as far reach. On another note, she's horrendous. Her greeting the crowd wooing looking like someone who's high as hell in lala land tripping on acid etc. Let's not talk further about her joker smile."
"New EVP I want a 2nd Opinion page: 1 Original: soundcloud.com... Audio Slowed down: soundcloud.com... On the slowed down audio it sounds like to me ""Hey Sleepy"" or ""Hey Satan"" then goes on to say ""San-ta Claus"" As you can tell by my sleep noises that i am fast asleep. This was recorded at 9-01-2016 at 3-54-23am. It's a month old clip but i just got around to looking at it. new topics"
"link The oligarchy runs our society with Problem – Reaction – Solution. If anything, these leaks have proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that the two-party system is an illusion and the whole construct is one huge pay-for-play corporate sham. Obamacare was always meant to destroy the private health care system and usher in single-payer, government run socialist medicine. It was designed that way… and it’s “working”. Related: Link In this particular e-mail, we get to see just how fake and fraudulent our government is. Your health determines how valuable of an asset you are and it’s the main reason why we see “health tracking apparel” and “health scores,” designed by and for prominent health insurance companies in order to track your health data in-between doctor visits. Remember this quote by demon spawn Nancy Pelosi? “We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what’s in it.” If that wasn’t telling you something at the time, maybe this will… Picture: Link In an email thread dated September 26, 2015 between Hillary and her senior policy adviser, Ann O’Leary, titled “Memo on Cadillac Tax for HRC,” Hillary wrote, “Given the politics now w bipartisan support including Schumer, I’ll support repeal w ‘sense of the Senate’ that revenues would have to be found. I’d be open to a range of options to do that. But we have to be careful that the R version passes which begins the unraveling of the ACA.” Do you still have any doubts? Sadly, there are those who have benefited from the ACA, but to a greater extent, many have seen the exact opposite of what was promised. Higher rates, less coverage, new doctors, etc… A Democrat supporting Republican legislation to destroy Obamacare on purpose. How many millions have they raked in on this deal and bilked the American people for in Obamacare penalties because they can’t afford the “affordable” health care? And the American people will look at this like a “victory” when it does unravel, even though it has been the plan all along. Which reminds me, when was the last time that the people had a victory? This just goes to show you that what is good for the goose isn’t always good for the gander. They knew that going in and only after the fact, can we realize this. They wanted the ganders’ money while the goose that benefits (through subsidiaries), cries to defend the ACA, making the rest of us look insensitive and unfair. Good plan… They’re all working together, folks. Obamacare was always meant to fail — on purpose — to bring in a single-payer, government-controlled socialist medicine system. Don’t believe me yet? Back in 2013, Senator Harry Reid had this to say about the ACA… Sen. Harry Reid: Obamacare 'Absolutely' A Step Toward A Single-Payer System When I speak to conservatives about health care policy, I’m often asked the question: “Do you think that Obamacare is secretly a step toward single-payer health care?” I always explain that, while progressives may want single-payer, I don’t think that Obamacare is deliberately designed to bring about that outcome. Well, yesterday on PBS’ Nevada Week In Review , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D., Nev.) was asked whether his goal was to move Obamacare to a single-payer system. His answer? “Yes, yes. Absolutely, yes.” The plan to undermine your health and sufficiency is so diabolical and disgusting, that many would simply refuse to believe such a thing. Well, there it is folks. They don’t give a damn about you or your well-being and will do anything in their power to see that decisions about your health are made by them in the future. For me personally, the ACA has increased my premium by 300%, causing me to drop what was offered by my employer and settle with less coverage for more money using the ""marketplace."" Is this where I get to say... Thanks Obama?"
"I cannot believe this ahole has been released?? Duuhhh?? WTFrick? however he has since been released on a $5.2 million bail. The video at fist seems to capture the seemingly standard conversation between New Jersey police and a homeless man seeking shelter on a rainy day. The officers were responding to reports that a man was sleeping on the steps of Merdie's Tavern, unaware they were talking to Ahmad Rahimi. Rahimi is alleged to have injured 31 people when he detonated two bombs in New York and New Jersey last month. Moments after the conversation began Rahimi opened fire at Linden Police officer Peter Hammer and four other officers who had been called as backup. No one was killed in the shoot-out which followed, but everyone was inju