red, including Rahimi. The fugitive had given police the alias Ahman Khan and said he did not have any identification when pressed by officers."
"originally posted by: PraetorianAZ SJWs blocked white students from passing but granted entry to students of color. White students had to bypass the bridge by crossing a rocky stream, hopping from one stone to the next. Anyone who tried to push past the human barrier was immediately met with violence and hostility. “This is bigger than you! This is about whiteness,” the protesters cried. UC Berkeley SJWS Build Human Wall to BLock White Students from Campus Nice Video in the link. They never actually say that whites were not allowed to cross the wall but you can clearly see in the video they let people of color through while making white students walk around. Pretty nuts. One more reason I don't believe in the education system. So many self entitled 20 year old toddlers who piss and moan when life gets rough. Then take it out on whitie and the police. What a joke. If they blocked me anybody who stood in my way would be eating blended meals through a straw for the next couple of months. The average human punch can generate 178 pounds of pressure or force. It takes 10 to 13 pounds to break a nose and 40 pounds to dislocate someones jaw. I have done both and im very good at it. Then to get to class, one may need to keep a rainbow kerchief or Cherokee flag handy and play a role. SJW racists are basically dolts and can be readily outwitted."
"Well finally we have the big global Business/Bank Goldman Sachs officially endorsing Hillary Clinton for President !! They have been giving her money and paying for speeches for some time now. Get ready for Hillary's *actual* policies to kick in if and when she gets elected. Ironic. GS has been a target of political activism for years. Now they can bank on Hillary protecting them. Goldman Sachs Endorses Hillary Clinton For President He’s with her. On Sunday, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton earned the endorsement of Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein—an endorsement she had been working toward for years. As was revealed by Wikileaks, Hillary Clinton spent the run up to her presidential campaign giving speeches to Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street banks, where she praised their talents and explained her positions on financial regulation. On October 24, 2013, Clinton told Goldman Sachs that Dodd-Frank had to be done mostly for “political reasons” because Congress needed to look like it was doing something about the crisis. She said, “There’s nothing magic about regulations, too much is bad, too little is bad. How do you get to the golden key, how do we figure out what works? And the people that know the industry better than anybody are the people who work in the industry.” The anti-Bernie anti-Thesis"
"A major new plan will be announced soon by the Hillary Campaign. This will certainly solve the world problems that face Humanity. She will tax the rich and pay hundreds of millions of dollars to states that fight bullies !!!! It's the anti-bully agenda to keep everybody's free speech and free thought on heel of the government. The greatness is astounding !!! The Latest: Clinton to unveil anti-bullying plan Hillary Clinton is unveiling a plan to reduce bullying. Called ""Better than Bullying,"" the plan released Thursday by the Democratic presidential nominee would provide $500 million in new funding to states that develop comprehensive anti-bullying efforts. Clinton is expected to talk about the plan during an appearance with first lady Michelle Obama Thursday. She has called Republican Donald Trump a bully for his derogatory comments. The campaign said states must address verbal and cyber bullying and establish a process for addressing incidents. They must also ban bullying on the ""basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, and religion."" States could get $4 dollars from the federal government for every $1 they spend. It would be paid for through Clinton's proposed tax increases on the wealthy."
"I hope this is in the right place. If it is not, then neither am I. Here goes nothing, No matter how hard he climbed, Still some how he fell, No matter how close to Heavens gates, He still wound up in Hell, He fell so deep the rope ran out, After a while, That he had ever left, Or ever been, So long was it since he was seen, Here goes nothing,"
"Democrats are Racist for Calling Black Trump Supporters Uneducated Red Necks page: 1 link Its ok to call us white Trump supporters all that but when You mess with our black friends then that's another issue. Democrats need to realize that some black folks and white folks all grew up with different opportunities and school zones, that is SO RACIST to call them uneducated, its fine to call us whites that but not our black brothers and sisters, the Hispanics and all other non whites. How dare the Clintons offend our black and other minority members , Im sure some liberal will come along and say something totally ignorant like trump doesn't have and black supporters, well he does, over 20% of them. True, the democrats didn't single out the blacks and minorities, they referred to all of us as lots of things, all of us AMERICANS that weren't equal in our financial upbringings. You see, I see all of us Trump supporters as 3 colors, red white and blue. I see us all as Ameicans and not trying to DIVIDE people like the democrats."
"NASA to test in flight folding wing page: 1 link NASA is set to begin testing a new wing design that would change shape in flight, bending up or down, to increase yaw stability, reduce required rudder size, and decrease drag. The Boeing 777X is set to introduce wingtips that fold on the ground, to allow the aircraft to fit in existing gates with a longer wingspan. NASA is set to begin testing the Spanwise Adaptive Wing, which would add shape-memory alloy actuators to the wingtip area that would bend the tips up or down. The SMA actuators would activate when heated electrically, so there is no need for complex hydraulic lines or actuators. Beginning in Spring of 2017, NASA will start flying the Area-I PTERA UAV. It has a 176 inch wingspan, with the outer 15 inches moving as far as 75 degrees up or down. PTERA is not set up for SAW, but it appears that it could see a 40% rudder authority. The idea behind SAW is similar to what was done with the XB-70, with the wingtips angled down. Boeing will introduce folding wings to commercial aviation when the 777X airliner enters service at the end of 2019. But the devices could become commonplace on future aircraft as wingspans increase in an effort to reduce drag and fuel burn. The 777X has almost 24 ft. more wingspan than today’s 777 to optimize lift distribution and maximize cruise efficiency. Folding the tips on the ground keeps the larger aircraft compatible with existing taxiway and gate size restrictions. But NASA is investigating whether also folding the wing in flight could save still more fuel. The Spanwise Adaptive Wing (SAW) concept will be tested on the ground and in flight in a rapid feasibility assessment under NASA’s new Convergent Aeronautics Solutions project. The goal is to show that angling the outboard wing sections up or down can increase yaw stability and control, and reduce rudder size and tail drag."
"link So this is from an Argentinian conference Assange spoke with via telephone. He states Hillary campaign (or pro-Hillary government) attempted to attack Wikileaks servers. Assange claimed the release “whipped up a crazed hornet’s nest atmosphere in the Hillary Clinton campaign” leading them to attack WikiLeaks. “They attacked our servers and attempted hacking attacks and there is an amazing ongoing campaign where state documents were put in the UN and British courts to accuse me of being both a Russian spy and a pedophile,” he added. He also added that he does not think the Podesta emails will have an impact, adding the influence of MSM pushing Hillary. The Podesta emails will make no difference to the election result, according to Assange. “I don’t think there’s any chance of Donald Trump winning the election, even with the amazing material we are publishing, because most of the media organizations are strongly aligned with Hillary Clinton,” he said. sorry this is RT, but many won't cover this Interesting considering he implied he would have a bombshell before the election. This whole situation is so hard to read, with talks of Wikileaks being compromised, or pressure on to Ecuador trickling down to Assange. Just thought I'd share."
"Is google and YouTube in the Hillary’s purse? page: 1 link After I posted my opening post (OP) on “Hillary Clinton Wants a Strong Russia. Wait, what did she say?” , mysteriously, my YouTube account gets wiped out. The next thing I notice, is that the youtube video that I used in my OP, www.abovetopsecret.com... suddenly won’t work. Has anyone else experienced this bizarre behavior before? Is this what we are to expect if Hillary becomes POTUS? I went to the Youtube site and the video is available. www.youtube.com... I frankly, don't know what to think about this. link a reply to: Violater1 yes, so is almost all the major media, magazines (that are left), most of hollywood, GOP kinda, most of the bush's. Who else? Google is pro clinton like drudge is pro trump without a doubt Just about every news story under google news is pro hillary and negative towards trump. If I recall correctly they even advice her campaign edit on 511031America/ChicagoThu, 27 Oct 2016 21:51:09 -05 p3142 by interupt42 because: (no reason given) Is the dead link the same as the good one in the following reply? Same vid#? No errors? link I'm getting the feeling that the gun control,Hillary as dictator,is not unlike Obamacare,forced on us,this is socialism and being the Corporations own the candidates,they want this we have no choice,they have the UN,plus a bunch of immigrants to join the UN forces to attack the american freedom fighters,you may think I'm crazy but they said I was crazy when I said 9/11 was a controlled demolition,look at the