 past,put common sense to it,the big ball is rolling,too much money at stake here thats the goal rich get richer,no more middle class,upper middle class,those making like 1 or 2 million a year,will be joining the crowd,unless your a member of the party,Known many an immigrant who lived under communist rule,all storys kind of same,all bad,no sense of identity"
"originally posted by: carewemust October 27, 2016 It's a disgrace that such prominent media people, like Wolf Blitzer, George Stephanopoulos, John King, Et al., are willing to go before millions of viewers, and shamelessly report what Hillary's campaign tells them to report. Story w/List of 65 Corrupt Journalists: thefreethoughtproject.com... It's always been obvious that CNN-MSNBC-NBC-ABC in particular, go out of their way to HELP Hillary Clinton and HURT Donald Trump. Now, thanks to the Podesta e-mails provided by WikiLeaks, we can see ""behind the curtain"". If mentally imbalanced Hillary becomes President, imagine the leverage she will have, to bring groups, organizations, companies, and people to their knees, if she doesn't like them! -CareWeMust Those news channels have always been Democrat. Newspapers over 100 years have picked a side and given a slant. You just notice this now? edit on 27-10-2016 by reldra because: (no reason given)"
"Mike Pence's Plane Slides off Runway at LaGuardia page: 1 Mike Pence's campaign plane has slid off a runway at LaGuardia. No injuries have been reported at this time. This is a developing story. Campaign plane carrying Gov Mike Pence skids off runway while landing at LaGuardia Airport Watch on facebook edit on 27-10-2016 by reldra because: (no reason given) he was going to a fundraiser and it appears he is not going anymore. edit on 27-10-2016 by reldra because: (no reason given)"
"GOP VP candidate Mike Pence's plane skids off runway at LaGuardia airport page: 1 JAMAICA, Queens (WABC) -- Republican Vice Presidential Candidate Mike Pence's plane skidded off the runway at LaGuardia Airport on Thursday night. It happened just before 8 p.m. Everyone on board is reportedly ok. Just witnessed an emergency landing at La Guardia Airport. Hope everyone's safe. @ABC7NY pic.twitter.com/e4PtrsQDeo — Xpl0iter (@itsmeJilani) October 27, 2016 It's not yet known what led to the mishap. Scary! No details as to what happened yet. CNN reporting that a witness from 27 years ago has come forward stating Trump told her he was going to kill Pence one day. Details forthcoming link originally posted by: In4ormant CNN reporting that a witness from 27 years ago has come forward stating Trump told her he was going to kill Pence one day. Details forthcoming link originally posted by: In4ormant CNN reporting that a witness from 27 years ago has come forward stating Trump told her he was going to kill Pence one day. Details forthcoming The witness wishes to stay anonymous and does not seek legal action. They just thought this is a good time to bring it up. link a reply to: xuenchen The onl thing to add is that he was on his to a fundraiser that he will no longer attend. link a reply to: In4ormant yea it definitely has been eyes are re, and i need a beer so i dont get teh tremors... anyway glad everyones ok I'm sure that there are those that are disappointed that no one was hurt. hate to be the one to say it, but it's true. I'm sure that there are those that are disappointed that no one was hurt. hate to be the one to say it, but it's true. Good god, why would you say that? Fox had a producer on Board, and he is saying everybody is ok (were about 45 people on the plane). Sounds like a real close call! link originally posted by: mobiusmale Fox had a producer on Board, and he is saying everybody is ok (were about 45 people on the plane). Sounds like a real close call! Good link This happens several times a year at that airport. They built the runway too short. Burbank airport in los angeles had a plane go off the runway. Through a fence and hit a bunch of cars in traffic on a major blvd several years ago originally posted by: BASSPLYR This happens several times a year at that airport. They built the runway too short. Burbank airport in los angeles had a plane go off the runway. Through a fence and hit a bunch of cars in traffic on a major blvd several years ago I could never stand landing there. They make you fly so high above the city and then drop you like a stone on to a short strip. I would rather parachute In. link I worry about this sort of thing happening to Donald Trump as we get closer to the election, and he keeps gaining on Evil Hillary. I have no doubt that the U.S. government would sabotage some part of Trump's jet, if he gets too close for comfort. link There’s a retro look to the aircraft flying Republican vice presidential candidate Mike Pence. Aviation enthusiasts may recognize the Eastern Air Lines paint scheme on the Boeing 737-700 picked to shuttle Pence, Donald Trump's running mate, between campaign stops. ... That’s because the old Eastern name and logo has been resurrected by a new Miami-based start-up carrier. The “new"" Eastern made its first revenue flight in 2015 on a charter from Miami to Havana, Cuba. Eastern spokesman Nicholas Loudon confirmed to Today in the Sky it is an Eastern 737 that's flying the Republican candidate for vice president. The aircraft is configured in an all-business class layout that can seat 62 passengers. As for the current incarnation of Eastern, the company has said it intends to eventually launch regularly scheduled flights from U.S. airports. For now, however, the airline is focused on operating charter services to Cuba and destinations in the Caribbean region."
"Oregon Standoff Leaders Acquitted For Malheur Wildlife Refuge Takeover page: 1 link A federal court jury on Wednesday acquitted anti-government militant leader Ammon Bundy and six followers of conspiracy charges stemming from their role in the armed takeover of a U.S. wildlife center in Oregon earlier this year. Bundy and others, including his brother and co-defendant Ryan Bundy, cast the 41-day occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge as a legitimate and patriotic act of civil disobedience. Prosecutors called it a lawless scheme to seize federal property by force. This is news! I surely did not expect these guys n gal to get off. Someone lost their life during this event which is sad. Justice has spoken. Does this set a precedent going forward? The likelihood of this happening again in a similar fashion seems high given the current political climate. A more detailed article."
"To anyone relying on the ""not enough troops to indicate concern"" defense page: 1 link This is something of an offshoot thread, but it is in response to something I have seen posted in multiple threads of late. In response to concerns over the US sending 300+ Marines to the Russian border, in response to the UK sending 800 troops to the Russian border, in response to all the NATO countries sending small contingents of troops and equipment to the Russian borders we've heard one narrative consistently: ""Oh, that's not enough troops to indicate there's anything serious happening."" My how 2 year's passage of time has changed the narrative. A top Ukrainian army officer said a ""full-scale invasion"" of his country was under way Thursday, as a U.S. official said up to 1,000 Russian troops had crossed Ukraine's southern border to fight alongside pro-Russian rebels. Russia's military actions in eastern Ukraine ""must cease immediately,"" British Prime Minister David Cameron said Thursday. ""I'm extremely concerned by mounting evidence that Russian troops have made large-scale incursions into South Eastern Ukraine, completely disregarding the sovereignty of a neighbor,"" Cameron said. ""The international community has already warned Russia that such provocative actions would be completely unacceptable and illegal."" Yet another example of the west's never ending ""NATO good, Russia evil"" narrative. When Russia involves 1,000 troops in assisting a region which requested their help (Crimea, or more recently Syria) the western leaders come unglued... but when the west does the same, it's ""exercises"" and ""no cause for any concern."" When a snake coils, it intends to strike and when a scorpion raises it's tail it is preparing to sting. edit on 27-10-2016 by burdman30ott6 because: (no reason given)"
"Does anyone like Trump as a person ? The answer in No. It's not about that, it never was. This is about a giant middle finder to the DC Establishment. As a Citizen we only have one way to express our displeasure with DC. We are as divided as I've ever seen. This is not acceptable. If young people can't open businesses we have failed them. They can't. Trump is a tool we need for real change. He blew up the GOP. Our friends on the other side wanted Bernie. But, it was rigged against Bernie. Now you are going to support the very person who rigged your Primary. You almost blew up the DNC, but the job is not complete. We can not hand this crap to our younger generation. We will not. Only a billionaire can get this far on his own. He will be checked by Congress. Join us in giving the middle finger to the slave masters controlling our future. This Country belongs to us. Not a handful of wealthy families. This isn't about Trump. He's a tool in more ways than one. This is about cutting restraints and letting the American People go. At least, that's the way I see it."
"link The simple fact is that this is not a Cold War Mark II - far from it. Russia with its declining economy is nothing like the Soviet Union, which aspired to establish a different world order to that pursued by the capitalist West. Russia is in many ways a weak country. Its leadership has a strong sense of encirclement - a view that the West is only eager to do it down - and, rightly or wrongly, this is driving Mr Putin's more assertive approach. SOURCE The article linked above is the most chilling piece I've read yet concerning the current tensions with Russia. The fact it was published by the BBC doesn't help. The article should put to rest a lot of the counter-arguments in recent WW3 threads. That is not good news. The s