ituation is clearly worse than we're being told. edit on 27-10-2016 by Profusion because: (no reason given)"
"link So we have laser defense systems being used by the US Navy... Ponce became the testbed platform for the Laser Weapon System (LaWS), with installation of a prototype weapon system for field testing in August 2014.[29][30][31] In December 2014 the United States Navy reported the LaWS system works perfectly, and that the commander of Ponce is authorized to use the system as a defensive weapon.[32] On 9 December 2014, the U.S. Navy released video footage of the LaWS in operation.[33] The exact level of power the LaWS will use is unknown but estimated between 15–50 kW for engaging drones, small aircraft and high-speed boats.[34] Ponce was deployed to the Persian Gulf in late August 2014.[35][36] The LaWS will remain in use on Ponce as long as it is at sea, potentially into 2017.[37] USS Ponce (LPD-15) The US Army has them and they will be fielded... The Army and General Dynamics Land Systems are developing a Stryker-mounted laser weapon aimed at better arming the vehicle to incinerate enemy drones or threatening ground targets. Concept vehicles are now being engineered and tested at the Army’s Ft. Sill artillery headquarters as a way to quickly develop the weapon for operational service. During a test this past April, the laser weapons successful shot down 21 out of 23 enemy drone targets. The effort marks the first-ever integration of an Army laser weapon onto a combat vehicle. Stryker mounted laser Boeing’s High Energy Laser Mobile Demonstrator (HEL MD) team has used a solid state laser to destroy mortars and unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs). A laser destroys targets with pinpoint precision within seconds of acquisition, then acquires the next target and keeps firing. In recent demonstrations, HEL MD used a 10-kilowatt, high energy laser installed on an Oshkosh tactical military vehicle. The demonstrator is the first mobile, high-energy laser, counter rocket, artillery and mortar (C-RAM) platform to be built and demonstrated by the U.S. Army. Source w/video And now after the Air Force originally called lasers off, they've gone and called the game back on. After the success of the Navy and the Army. The contract, which was awarded by the Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL) on 23 August, is for the Self-Protect High Energy Laser Demonstrator (SHiELD) Turret Research in Aero-Effects (STRAFE) programme. It is intended that the SHiELD pod would better enable the USAF's fourth-generation fighter fleet, such as the Boeing F-15 Eagle and Lockheed Martin F-16 Fighting Falcon, to survive in contested airspace. The fifth-generation Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor and F-35 Lightning II would probably not carry the pod, as it would negate their stealth characteristics. Lasers are upon on the USA. They have permeated every aspect of our military. Can anyone else say that?"
"link For your enjoyment a very short vid with Ice-Cube talking about the only 3 people in the US capable of taking on the POTUS role. I agree with him. Well, everything except the boss thing. And he makes a some good points in a very short time. In my opinion he should be the next debate commentator. But a month ago it was a different story. While it isn't a ringing endorsement of Trump, he fared much better than the other 2. edit on 27-10-2016 by seasonal because: (no reason given)"
"Erica Garner blasts Clinton campaign over discussions staffers had about Eric Garner page: 1 One Podesta email has Clinton Campaign people discussing the death of Eric Garner in ways his Daughter Erica dislikes. She went on Twitter and gave them a piece of her mind. Seems they saw a newspaper story that may have been interpreted as a liability. This exposure could hurt the Campaign. The whole Campaign is based on political profits and losses, not Human dignity. Erica Garner blasts Clinton campaign over discussions staffers had about her father’s death in WikiLeaks emails Erica Garner, the daughter of police chokehold victim Eric Garner, ripped the Hillary Clinton campaign in a series of tweets Thursday after new campaign emails released by WikiLeaks showed how the Democratic nominee's staffers discussed the death of her father. “I’m troubled by the revelation that you and this campaign actually discussed ‘using’ Eric Garner … Why would you want to ‘use my dad?” Garner tweeted along with a link to emails released by WikiLeaks. “These people will co opt anything to push their agenda. Police violence is not the same as gun violence. “I'm vey (sic) interested to know exactly what @CoreyCiorciari meant when he said ‘I know we have an Erica Garner problem’ in the #PodestaEmails19,” added Garner. “I know we have Erica Garner issues but we don't want to mention Eric at all? I can see her coming after us for leaving him out of the piece,” Clinton’s traveling press secretary Nick Merrill wrote in a March 17 email. edit on Oct-27-2016 by xuenchen because: politicalmoneyisntgreen"
"Homeless TRUMP Supporter Guards Donald Trump’s Star on Hollywood Blvd page: 1 On Wednesday a violent leftist smashed Donald Trump’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. The culprits used a sledgehammer to destroy Donald’s star. The person who was watching Trumps star had an anti-immigration sign and is pro-trump. Later another homeless man took up the watch to keep Trumps star on Hollywood BLVD safe. From the video it looks like the star had already been replaced. Could this be a plant? And has Trump secured the homeless vote? Everybody's looking for a gimmick, and their 15 minutes of fame. Sad, really. Really sad. Maybe he wants a home. Another stinkin' deplorable. link Ill bet Hillary laughs at him because he is homeless and like Trump. I would give him money if I lived there. The violent destructive liberals just cant stop stealing signs, spray painting buildings and now vandalizing a sidewalk, wow but not surprised, the liberals have been so dirty not only Hillary and her supporters but her whole entourage that it makes this years election a new low in lows and sets a really bad example for the next election."
"Scientists say weird signals from space are ‘probably’ aliens A team of astronomers believes that strange signals emanating from a cluster of stars are actually aliens trying to tell the universe they exist. The study, which appeared in the Publications of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific, analyzed the odd beams of light from 234 stars — a fraction of the 2.5 million that were observed. The bizarre beacons led the paper’s authors, Ermanno F. Borra and Eric Trottier from Laval University in Quebec, to conclude that it’s “probably” aliens. “We find that the detected signals have exactly the shape of an [extraterrestrial intelligence] signal predicted in the previous publication and are therefore in agreement with this hypothesis,” wrote Borra and Trottier. They also note that their findings align with the Extraterrestrial Intelligence (ETI) hypothesis, since the mysterious activity only occurred in a tiny fraction of stars. The hypothesis also suggests that an intelligent life force would use a more sophisticated optical beacon than, say, radio waves to reveal its existence. Click link for article... **MODS - If this is a duplicate please delete / and or lock ** So apparently signals detected from 230+ stars are fitting the hypothesized parameters established for extraterrestrial intelligence. The stars in question also fit the hypothesized parameters for supporting life. Since only a small amount of stars in the area being looked at are fitting the parameters they are using that as further evidence in support of their claims. Thoughts?"
"Can normal transistors act like a qubit? page: 1 link Hi. I guess I have a question relating to quantum computing. Since qubits are what makes up quantum computers... That being a qubits can act like a transistor that can be either on, off, or both on and off at the same time. In usual computing... Transistors are either on or off. In quantum they can be both on and off at the same time... The question I have is simply this. Is it possible to make a transistor that can act as on, off, and on and off at the same time... Even if you had to add an extra layer of circuitry to get that same reading from that single transistor? I mean. A normal transistor operate that if it gets no voltage or low voltage then the transistor is in an off state. If it gets a certain voltage it is in an on state. Couldn't you make the voltage extra high to get a both on/off at the same time state? Or half voltage to get the same on/off state at the same time to essentially create a fake qubit scenario? There might have to be additional transistors to help make sure of that determination of a transistor appearing in an on/off state but couldn't it be possible? Perhaps a circuit of transistors could determine whether the proceeding transistor should act as both on/off by checking the voltage some how? Idk... Please answer me like I'm a drunk stupid idiot. Perhaps laymen terms? I can be quite the idiot sometimes. Thanks for hearing me out. I'm currently drunk and just pondering things link a reply to: DaRAGE I'm sure we could do weird stuff with circuitry to store more than one bit of data in the circuit, but that doesn't really give an advantage over just storing more bits with our conventional technology (which has been highly refined). The advantage of the qbit isn't really that it stores more information, it's that it can be used to process more information at the same time. Quantum + computing = quantum computing The key features of an ordinary computer—bits, registers, logic gates, algorithms, and so on—have analogous features in a quantum computer. Instead of bits, a quantum computer has quantum bits or qubits, which work in a particularly intriguing way. Where a bit can store either a zero or a 1, a qubit can store a zero, a one, both zero and one, or an infinite number of values in between—and be in multiple states (store multiple values) at the same time! If that sounds confusing, think back to light being a particle and a wave at