 the same time, Schrödinger's cat being alive and dead, or a car being a bicycle and a bus. A gentler way to think of the numbers qubits store is through the physics concept of superposition (where two waves add to make a third one that contains both of the originals). If you blow on something like a flute, the pipe fills up with a standing wave: a wave made up of a fundamental frequency (the basic note you're playing) and lots of overtones or harmonics (higher-frequency multiples of the fundamental). The wave inside the pipe contains all these waves simultaneously: they're added together to make a combined wave that includes them all. Qubits use superposition to represent multiple states (multiple numeric values) simultaneously in a similar way. Just as a quantum computer can store multiple numbers at once, so it can process them simultaneously. Instead of working in serial (doing a series of things one at a time in a sequence), it can work in parallel (doing multiple things at the same time). Only when you try to find out what state it's actually in at any given moment (by measuring it, in other words) does it ""collapse"" into one of its possible states—and that gives you the answer to your problem. Estimates suggest a quantum computer's ability to work in parallel would make it millions of times faster than any conventional computer... if only we could build it! So how would we do that? explainthatstuff.com If I understand correctly, a quantum computer will just be a smaller, more energy efficient version of a massive parallel computer."
"This is how it works in the Clinton Cabal...or is it the Mainstream Mafia. 1) Qatar supports ISIS (just by the way) 2) Qatar wants to buy advanced U.S. missile defence systems, Apache attack helicopters and other military materiel 3) Ratheon (a big defence contractor) wants to sell said U.S. Military goods to Qatar 4) These kinds of foreign military sales have to be approved by the State Department 5) Hillary becomes Secretary of State 6) Hillary has a ""Charitable Foundation"" 7) Hillary has a former POTUS as her spouse 8) Hillary has a network of aides, confidants, bundlers and fundraisers at her beck and call (all part of the Clinton Organized Crime Family) 9) John Podesta (at that time)...yeah the same John Podesta who is having all of his emails released right now... held dual titles at the State Department: as a ""senior advisor"", and as a member of a foreign policy advisory board Secretary Clinton created. 10) Ratheon hires John Podesta's sister-in-law (Heather Podesta), along with John Merrigan and Matt Bernstein (both major donors or bundlers to Hillary Clinton’s 2008 and 2016 campaigns). This guaranteed them access to Hillary Clinton. 11) Qatar, meanwhile, donated millions to the Clinton Foundation. They hired Bill Clinton to make 2 speeches that paid him between $500,000 and $1 million dollars. They gave Slick Willy another $1 million as a birthday gift...aaahhh, isn't that sweet? 12) The $19 billion dollar sale from Ratheon to Qatar was...wait for it - approved by Hillary Clinton! Yeah!! 13) Heather Podesta, John Merrigan and Matt Berstein were paid $460,000 in Lobbying Fees by Ratheon 14) Hillary Clinton left the State Department 15) Ratheon released Podesta, Merrigan and Bernstein...as they no longer had direct and personal access to the Secretary of State. This is how it is done folks. This is pay-for-play. The ISIS supporting nation of Qatar gets advanced U.S. Military gear, the Clintons, the Podestas, and assorted others in the Clinton Crime Family get rich(er). There are still a lot of Americans who need to wake up, pay attention, and then make the right decision on November 8th."
"By Brandon Turbeville Over the past few days, the Western corporate press has kicked into overdrive with reports of hospital bombings, dead civilians, and war... "
"By Mike Maharrey Today, a new law allowing parents to opt their children out of standardized testing in Alaska goes into effect. The new statute gives... "
"By Everett Numbers The Pentagon and Congress are both promising quick fixes to the scandal surrounding excessive National Guard bonus payments to soldiers. However, the... "
"By John Vibes 
In the midst of deepening tension between US allies NATO and Russia, NATO is planning the largest military buildup along the Russian border since the cold war. 
NATO called on allied governments this week to contribute whatever troops and equipment they can to the effort. According to Reuters , thousands of troops are expected to arrive in the coming days and weeks. 
It was reported that Italy, France, Denmark and other European states are expected to join the NATO military divisions that will be led by the United States along Russia’s border. 
On Wednesday, Britain announced it is sending hundreds of soldiers and hardware to Russia’s borders as part of a huge military deployment. 
A total of 800 troops, drones and tanks are moving to Estonia as part of the biggest military build-up of NATO troops on Russia’s borders since the Cold War. 
In addition to the forces allocated for his specific operation, NATO has an army of over 40,000 ready to be called up to fight at any time. 
The US military claims that this threatening move is meant to act as a “deterrent” to the Russian military, but this is obvious a move that will escalate tensions and push towards a possible third world war. 
“This is a credible deterrence, not to provoke a conflict but to prevent conflict,” NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said on Tuesday — ironically ignoring the fact that it is a de facto provocation. 
Just imagine what would happen if Russian troops amassed along the Mexican border and told the US that this move was to ‘prevent conflict.’ 
The so-called Iskander-M cruise missiles can hit targets across Poland and the Baltics, although NATO officials declined to say if Russia had moved nuclear warheads to Kaliningrad. 
The United States’ envoy to NATO, Douglas Lute, told reporters that NATO and the US military may consider Russia a threat if they had nuclear weapons within range of NATO’s deployment. This statement is insane considering the fact that the US military is the one that is many miles from home on the border of someone else’s lands. 
“This deployment, if it becomes permanent if the presence of nuclear weapons were confirmed, would be a change in (Russia’s) security posture,” Lute said. 
If anyone is a threat, it is NATO and the US government. 
These military tensions are the result of an ongoing proxy war in Syria, in which Western powers are attempting to institute a regime change in the country by funding violent rebel groups. Meanwhile, Russia has interests in keeping their allies in the Syrian government in control, putting the two superpowers at odds. 
Until now, Russia and the US have been fighting through third parties, just as they had during the previous Cold War, and the same type of situation is developing today. 
John Vibes is an author and researcher who organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference. He also has a publishing company where he offers a censorship free platform for both fiction and non-fiction writers. John writes for TheFreeThoughtProject.com , where this article first appeared . You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. John is currently battling cancer naturally , without any chemo or radiation, and will be working to help others through his experience, if you wish to contribute to his treatments please donate here . Activist Post Daily Newsletter Subscription is FREE and CONFIDENTIAL Free Report: 10 Ways to Survive the Economic Collapse with subscription"
"By Kurt Nimmo, Blacklisted News 
In the video below the “folk hero” of the Iraqi Counter-Terror Services and regular Iraqi army takes a direct hit in the battle for Mosul. 
The destruction of an Abrams tank by a Russian ATGM Kornet missile is good news if you’re a stockholder in General Dynamics Land Systems, formerly Chrysler Defense. 
General Dynamics makes the Abrams battle tank. 
Each one costs $9 million. 
The US will simply ship another tank to replace the one destroyed along with its presumed Iraqi crew. Iraqi lives are a cheap commodity, so it will not be a problem to find another expendable tank crew. 
Back in 2012 former Army Chief of Staff Gen. Raymond Odierno testified to Congress that the Army has more than enough tanks. He suggested the line at General Dynamics be shut down temporarily. “Our tank fleet is two and a half years old on average now. We’re in good shape and these are additional tanks that we don’t need,” he said. 
Congress budgeted more money for new tanks anyway. Rep. Mac Thornberry, a Texas Republican and chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, said more tanks were needed in Europe to confront Vladimir Putin. 
Military readiness is a “consumable,” said Maj. Gen. Thomas A. Horlander, the Army’s budget director. Military hardware is “cumulative,” according to the Pentagon. 
On Tuesday General Dynamics stock opened at $151.21 and closed at $152.59. Last week the corporation was awarded a $170 million contract for an air-to-ground rocket system. Earlier this month General Dynamics was awarded a $900 million contract over five years to provide engineering and technical services for major weapon systems, program technical assistance, support systems requirements and assist with production decision-making and program controls, according to MarketWatch . 
The United States is the largest producer and exporter of weapons in the world. The US armed forces budget topped out over $600 billion in 2015. 
U.S. Military Budgets 1948-2015 
Obama FY2010-15 $663.4 billion per year Bush Jr FY2002-09* $634.9"
"Op-Ed by Laraine C. Abbey The political story of our time is less about Hillary or Trump than what many believe is the destruction of... "
"Op-Ed by Laraine C. Abbey President Obama’s statement “giving up some freedom in exchange for security” [1] was a lance through my heart. Give up... "
"By Nika Knight Whistleblower Edward Snowden warned a group of European reporters Wednesday