ealthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. You can sign up for his free emails at NoMoreFakeNews.com or OutsideTheRealityMachine . Activist Post Daily Newsletter Subscription is FREE and CONFIDENTIAL Free Report: 10 Ways to Survive the Economic Collapse with subscription"
"By Carey Wedler When it comes to brute force, law enforcement and private security currently have the upper hand on the ground in Standing Rock,... "
"By Nicholas West While debate surrounds the threat of autonomous “killer robots,” the mechanized replacement of humans continues across the workforce. The industrial robotics industry is... "
"By James Holbrooks Over the weekend, The Japan Times reported Japan might agree to Russia’s demand that U.S. troops be forbidden from being stationed on... "
"By Jon Rappoport Shocking video reveals secret software designed to rig elections. Vote fraud expert Bev Harris exposes electronic voting machines. Okay. She finally did... "
"By Claire Bernish A massive explosion of a gas pipeline in Shelby County, Alabama — near the site where the same pipeline leaked some 336,000... "
"By Jack Burns WikiLeaks is helping President Obama keep his 2008 campaign promise — to be the most transparent administration in U.S. history — whether he likes... "
"By Brandon Turbeville Anti-fluoridation activists in Georgia received a major boost of support when former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations under Jimmy Carter, Andrew... "
"By Brandon Turbeville In the latest development in the Johnson & Johnson talcum powder saga, a St. Louis jury has awarded a California woman over... "
"By Ulson Gunnar Militants led by designated terrorist organisation, Jabhat Al Nusra, now obliquely referred to by the Western media as “Jabhat Fateh al-Sham,” has... "
"By Eric Blair We recently moved back to the mainland United States after ten years of traveling and living abroad. Our homeschooled kids are getting... "
"By Michael Maharrey The federal government ratcheted up its game of chicken with states over REAL ID last month, threatening once again to ban residents... "
"By Michael Maharrey Communications company AT&T spies on you at the behest of the federal government and rakes in millions of taxpayer dollars in the... "
"By Nadia Prupis Canadian free speech advocates slammed recent revelations that Montreal police tracked a journalist’s cell phone calls, text messages, and locations in an... "
"By James Holbrooks A day after the administration of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan dismissed an additional 10,000 civil employees and shut down another 15 media... "
"By James Holbrooks As Iraqi military forces were beginning their initial push into Mosul on Tuesday, the Washington Post was reporting that U.S. defense officials... "
"By Nick Bernabe 
Following the recent mass arrests of 141 people at the Dakota Access Pipeline construction site located near Standing Rock, North Dakota, an anonymous donor just donated $2.5 million to bail out everyone who was arrested at the protests. 
The news came after Tamara Francis-Fourkiller, a tribal leader from the Caddo Nation tribe in Caddo County, Oklahoma, was arrested at Standing Rock. Francis-Fourkiller was released after spending two days in jail, but her family says she was just an innocent observer in the clashes between militarized law enforcement and Native American activists, or “water protectors.” 
[ UPDATE 11/1 4:35 pm EST: A statement from Red Owl Legal Collective/National Lawyers Guild that is advising Standing Rock has issued a statement saying the $2.5 million has not been received yet. We are waiting on confirmation from the Caddo Nation tribe.] 
According to local news affiliate News On 6 : 
Family members of Caddo Nation chairwoman Tamara Francis-Fourkiller said an anonymous donor paid $2.5 million late Saturday afternoon to release everyone arrested on Thursday at the Dakota Access Pipeline site. They said, however, that Francis-Fourkiller should not have been arrested in the first place. 
Though the donor who sent the $2.5 million remains anonymous, it appears the person is connected to the Caddo Nation tribe in some way ."
"By Vin Armani Hillary Clinton continues to blame Russia for the email leak even though it doesn’t matter who leaked the damning emails if they... "
"By Watching The Hawks RT Tyrel Ventura is joined by independent journalist Derrick Broze to talk about his horrific experiences at the #DAPL protest. Subscribe "
"By MintPressNews Mint Press News reporter Derrick Broze reports from the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation during the fight against the Dakota Access Pipeline. Broze was... "
"By Bev Harris A real-time demo of the most devastating election theft mechanism yet found, with context and explanation. Demonstration uses a real voting system... "
"By Catherine J. Frompovich 
Part 1 of 4 
The following is the testimony I will present pro se [without a lawyer representing me] to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission’s Administrative Law Court, November 2 and 3, 2016 as a result of my not permitting an AMI Smart Meter to be retrofitted on to my electric service by PECO, an Exelon Company that provides electricity and service to the suburban Philadelphia where I live. 
This testimony addresses most of the health, legal, and constitutional issues, plus the politics involved regarding the unsafe and RF/EMF cancer-causing technology forced on consumers, along with threats of no electric service if utility customers refuse an AMI Smart Meter. 
There are four parts to the entire testimony that was 18 pages long plus 195 pages of Exhibits A-1 thru W, and other documentation I had in my brief case (not presented but as backup, if needed) that totaled in excess of three to four hundred pages of scientific documentation, published research, etc. 
Personally, I think after reading the entire testimony, which will appear in four parts, readers can understand what’s involved with unsafe, fire-prone, and RF/EMF/dirty electricity-producing AMI Smart Meters when for decades utilities provided safe, non-plastic parts analog meters. Before the Administrative Law Court at the PA Public Utility Commission Philadelphia, PA – November 2 & 3, 2016 
Your Honor, Judge Heep and Judge Pell, Members of the PA PUC, PECO Energy Company, the Exelon legal team, and all interested parties: 
Since today is the rescheduled postponed June 27, 2016 hearing and for which I, Catherine J Frompovich, submitted written testimony five days in advance of that previous hearing as per court rules, I have decided to revise and include additional testimony interspersed into the previous 75 pages (10 pages of testimony and 65 pages of Exhibits A thru Q) that I submitted via the U.S. Postal Service and which all parties received, I presume. 
However, in view of the paramount importance, plus dire consequences, of EMFs/RFs being forced onto Pennsylvania consumers with no opt-out for personal safety and protection from 24/7/365 non-ionizing radiation emitted by AMI Smart Meters microwave technology, and my being a five-year breast cancer survivor, I submit into testimony and evidence that the PA PUC and all participating Pennsylvania utilities, not just PECO as in my case, must factor in the American with Disabilities Act Amendments, which redefine cancer as a disability, especially since there are cancer-causing effects from EMFs/RFs about which I submit into the record hundreds of documented scientific evidence as dozens of Exhibits per the Schedule of Exhibits I now introduce, plus printed documents I have with me in support of the four-page Bibliography of Pertinent Published Literature Regarding Electromagnetic Radiation, Cancer & AMI Smart Meters that I also submit into the record as Exhibit S . 
Since the ADA Amendments Act provides for three “prongs” of what constitutes a disability, I am submitting into evidence a printout titled “Americans with Disability Act Amendments Act (ADAAA)” pointing out appropriate and applicable sections Exhibit A-1 ; a two-page printout titled “ADA Amendments redefine cancer as a disability” Exhibit A-2 ; along with a 43-page dossier containing about 240 published studies regarding BREAST and Other Cancers and EMF/ELF/RF Cancer Studies Exhibit A-3 ; and topping off those documents with a two-page letter dated 2 August 2016 from the foremost EMF/RF researchers, physicians and academics in the WORLD written to the North Carolina Utilities Commission Exhibit A-4 wherein in the third paragraph they state: 
Smart meters and cell phones occupy similar frequency bands of the electromagnetic spectrum, meaning that cell phone research can apply to smart meter RFR. Smart meter RFR consists of frequent, very intense but very brief pulses throughout the day. Because smart meter exposure over a 24 hour period can be very prolonged ( pulses can average 9,600 times a day ), and because there is building evidence that the sharp, high intensity pulses are particularly harmful , the cell phone study findings are applicable when discussing adverse health impacts from smart meters. 
Those five researchers, David Carpenter, MD, Director, Institute for Health and the Environment, University of Albany Dr Lennart Hardell, MD, PhD, Professor, Department of Oncology, University Hospital Orebro, Sweden Dr Magda Havas, BSC, PhD, Environmental & Resources Studies. Trent University, Canada Dr Martha Herbert, MD, PhD, Assistant Professor of Neurology, Harvard Medical School, Pediatric Neurologist and Neuroscientist at the Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston Dr Sam Milham, MD, MPH, Former chief epidemiologist, Washington State Department of Health 
point out in the last sentence of the first paragraph, “… it is imperative that the North Carolina Utilities Commission be fully aware of the harm that RFR can cause and allow utility customers to opt out of smart meter installation with no penalty.” 
Frompovich respectfully points out, and also cautions the PA PUC, that in not permitting opt outs from AM