her, advocate-activist, journalist, and author. 
That I should be taken seriously, I offer some of my professional background: retired practicing natural nutritionist; former registered lobbyist with the U.S. Congress for five years representing holistic healthcare issues; executive director for the national Coalition for Alternatives in Nutrition And Healthcare (CANAH) for five years and, as such, presented FDA-solicited expertise input regarding holistic health practices for its 1990 OTA report OTA-H-405 NTIS #PB91-104893[2] “Unconventional Cancer Treatments” [3]; expert nutrition witness before a congressional subcommittee opposing food irradiation; government relations specialist for a consortium of natural nutrition supplement makers before the U.S. Food and Drug Administration; the first Government Relations specialist for the Life Extension Foundation, who set up LEF’s government relations department; a published journalist; author of numerous books regarding health and lifestyle issues with several books available on Amazon.com and my 2016 book, Eat to Beat Disease, Foods Medicinal Qualities. 
Additionally, I wrote and produced two TV shows. One called, “ Turn Off the Violence ” was nominated for a Telly Award. That hour-long show was instrumental in securing the Giraffe Award given to persons, who stick out their necks for the common good. The recipient was George Mason University staff member Connie Kirkland[4], who founded a 24-hour crisis center for rape victims and promoted on-campus non-violence educational campaigns specifically relating to rape and domestic violence. What I’ve shared is much less than half of my background. More would take too much of your time. However, I feel compelled to ask, “How many people can match my qualifications to discuss consumer health issues?” 
Furthermore, I want to underscore upfront that IF I were a habitual drug addict, rather than an informed, concerned health-conscious researcher and consumer being harassed for trying to protect and preserve my health, I probably would be welcomed with open arms, plus there would be all types of programs and subsidies available for help. Because I am opposing faulty and health-damaging RF/EMF ‘science’, plus vested-interest snooping, surveillance, and customer data marketing agendas using AMI smart meters, I am harassed and even threatened with termination of electric service even though all my bills are paid in full. That leaves me with no options but to dutifully invoke and defend my state and federal constitutional rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Isn’t there something radically wrong with such a construct, especially in the USA, if I have to do that? 
Attorney Ward Smith’s interrogatory requesting Frompovich’s cancer health records, quite frankly, leaves everyone with whom I’ve shared that fact, totally aghast and amazed! Why? Because Frompovich’s medical records are her personal information protected under HIPPA and I must protect them. Furthermore, since the PUC Administrative Law Court hearing is of public record, Frompovich does not want her personal medical records made public information during any level in these proceedings, as that is her fundamental right. 
I respectfully bring to this court’s attention that my breast cancer and medical records are NOT the issue. What’s the issue, problem, and at stake not only for me, but for all Pennsylvanians, is the total callous disregard by utility companies—PECO included, the PA PUC, and the Commonwealth for health hazards, safety, and the wellbeing of all Pennsylvanians, especially those with health issues, compromised immune systems, disabilities, and especially young, growing children—fetuses in particular—whom RF/EMF and dirty electricity produced by AMI Smart Meters affect and impact negatively. 
Before presenting into the record additional reams of recent research with documentation and annotations—not 1940s vintage radar safety research—for RFs/EMFs and microwave electromagnetic energies impacts upon cancer and health, I feel it necessary to introduce something no one probably has thought about nor factored into the AMI Smart Meter hidden costs continuum , and that is, healthcare services and ancillary costs stemming from non-ionizing radiation RFs/EMFs Smart Meters impact upon human tissue. 
There are mounting underlying, long-term adverse health effects accruing as we speak from PA PUC-PECO forced AMI Smart Meter 24/7/365 RF/EMF electromagnetics, pulses, harmonics and dirty electricity, specifically adverse Non-thermal health effects, impacting children and an ageing PA population, which will generate dire fiscal consequences, plus responsibilities, upon Penna. Medicaid health cost line items in each year’s operating budget for the Commonwealth. 
To cement that forewarning, I offer the World Health Organization’s statistic, “Approximately 10% of reported cases of EHS [electromagnetic hypersensitivity] were considered severe,” which means specialized caregiving. That, however, does not include cancer-induced health issues from RFs/EMFs! What kind of budget shortfall will AMI Smart Meters adverse health effects eventually generate for PA’s legislature and governor to haggle about, when we’ve seen what’s been going on recently to get a state budget passed? Has anyone thought about that very real problem? 
Continued in Part 3"
"By Justin Gardner The Colorado cannabis industry has quickly gone from bud to full flower, as indicated by a new in-depth data analysis by the... "
"By Claire Bernish Disinformation. Misinformation. Propaganda. Outright lies. Purposeful distractions. Misleading bias. All tools of the government and close ally, corporate media, to keep the... "
"By Amanda Froelich It should be evident if you’re following news concerning the Standing Rock protests in North Dakota that tension continues to escalate between... "
"By Catherine J. Frompovich This is the continuation of the testimony I will present before the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission’s Administrative Law Court November 2... "
"By Shane Trejo This brave new world we are living in is getting very wild and crazy during this election season. Although the Tenth Amendment... "
"By Bernie Suarez A recent video released by a LiveLeak source shows a staged car bomb explosion followed by what I call must-watch jaw-dropping crisis... "
"By Brandon Turbeville As the floodwaters receded from Nichols, South Carolina and the surrounding areas, many residents made the emotional journey home to assess what... "
"By Matt Agorist Students at Grand Valley State University in Allendale, Michigan got a hefty dose of the police state this week as they were... "
"By GRTV The FBI’s October surprise has thrown the 2016 election into November chaos. But an examination of the trigger mechanism behind this event reveals... "
"By Tony Cartalucci In reality, since even before Syria’s conflict began unfolding in 2011, the United States had been planning for the nation’s division and... "
"By Shane Trejo The Dakota Access Pipeline protests have made national news, as millions of Americans are concerned with potential property rights violations and environmental... "
"By Leshu Torchin, University of St Andrews On Oct. 31, more than a million Facebook users “checked in” at Standing Rock Reservation, on the border... "
"By Catherine J. Frompovich This is the continuation of the testimony I will present before the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission’s Administrative Law Court November 2... "
"By Whitney Webb 
Over the course of this year’s US presidential election, which has been nothing if not bizarre, some have repeatedly speculated that the election may not actually happen at all if an opportunely timed terrorist attack or other major event occurred at just the right moment, leading to a suspension of the November election. Now, these theories appear to have more credence as sources within US intelligence have contacted Pat Milton, a CBS News senior investigative producer, warning him that terrorist attacks in three US states are highly likely come this Monday, the day before the US election. US Intelligence has allegedly alerted joint terrorism task forces that al Qaeda, not ISIS, could be planning attacks in New York, Texas, and Virginia. No specific locations within those three states were mentioned. 
US authorities are said to be taking the threat seriously, though CBS News ’ sources stress that the threat is still being assessed and its credibility has yet to be confirmed. According to CBS , counter-terrorism officials were alerted to the threat out of an “abundance of caution.” 
Earlier this week, there were also warnings that “polling places” could be seen as “attractive targets” for “lone wolf” attackers by individuals motivated by “violent extremist ideologies, sovereign citizen or other extremist activity.” This has led federal law enforcement to plan for several worst-case scenarios. One FBI official told CBS : 
The counter-terrorism and homeland security communities remain vigilant and well-postured to defend against attacks here in the United States. The FBI, working with our federal, state and local counterparts, shares and assesses intelligence on a daily basis and will continue to work closely with law enforcement and intelligence community partners to identify and disrupt any potential threat to public safety. 
However, what’s interesting here is that the terror threat is coming from al Qaeda as opposed to the Islamic State. In the Syrian “civil” war, the US has been actively helping al Qaeda there, grouping their Syrian branch – the al Nusra Front – in with the “moderate rebels” they support. Therefore, al Qaeda’s ability to launch attacks within the US has been directly aided by US intelligence, making this announcement incredibly suspect. 
It’s also worth pointing out that al Qaeda, since its inception, has been a product of the US intelligence community. In the 1980s they were essentially created by the US to fight the Soviets in Afghanistan. Ever since, they have conveniently been use