d as the justification for an expansion of US wars abroad and the elimination of civil liberties domestically. 
It is also interesting that the threat is al Qaeda and NOT the Islamic State. The Islamic State has been the terrorist “bogeyman” of recent years and their involvement in any threat, real or imagined, is useful justification for escalating US involvement in Syria. It seems highly likely that the Islamic State was left out due to recent revelations from WikiLeaks showing that their funding comes from the very same entities that donate millions to the Clinton Foundation. 
It is also worth noting that if a terrorist attack does come to pass, it will be a big help for Hillary. Hillary has been under siege in recent weeks due to WikiLeaks’ near constant releases of her campaign chair’s emails, but also due to the FBI’s “mutiny” which led them to re-open a probe into Clinton’s use of a private email server. Any terror attack would give Clinton the opportunity to gain political ground by promoting her aggressive foreign policy aims in Syria and the rest of the Middle East. 
However, as mentioned at the beginning of this article, it is also possible that a terrorist attack on US soil would give President Obama the authority to either postpone or outright cancel the election, something he could not normally do except in the event of extraordinary circumstances. Unfortunately, only time will tell which theory is correct, compelling us to stay vigilant in the meantime. 
What are your thoughts? Please comment below and share this news!"
"By Amanda Froelich By 2050, the world’s population is estimated to reach 9.7 billion people. Already, 795 million people go to bed hungry each evening.... "
"By Daisy Luther UPDATED: Although it doesn’t appear that Austyn Crites was trying to assassinate Donald Trump, it’s very interesting that he does appear in... "
"By Claire Bernish U.S. Navy veteran, Petty Officer 1st Class Kash Jackson, came to North Dakota with one imperative in mind — to uphold the... "
"By Jon Rappoport 
Breaking: leaked 2008 memo from attorney Kumiki Gibson to Clinton Foundation chairman Bruce Lindsay. Gibson had been hired to do an independent assessment of the Foundation’s practices. 
Below are key quotes from Gibson’s findings. Keep in mind that the Clinton Foundation’s very existence depends on it being legally certified as a non-profit entity, in compliance with laws governing non-profits. Break those laws and its non-profit status would be revoked, and the whole operation would go down the drain. 
Gibson: “Important responsibilities regarding corporate filings are delegated to the [Foundation] CFO, who appears to delegate them to an outside organization, with very little oversight by the legal department. As a result, the Foundation is not in compliance with the filings rules, including in New York, which requires the Foundation to be certified to do business in the State.” [Apparently, the Clinton Foundation was not legally registered as a non-profit in New York.] 
Gibson: “No matter what the leadership decides about the larger, over-arching question, it must act immediately to bring the Foundation into compliance with the law and standards that govern not-for-profits, and must create strong legal and HR offices so to prevent any lapses in the future.” 
Gibson: “The Foundation does not have a record retention policy[!], and the procedures currently utilized in Harlem [headquarters] may violate the law.” 
Zero Hedge writes: “Furthermore, and more troubling, the [Gibson] review pointed to a high-ranking but unnamed foundation executive who was ‘being paid by [President Clinton], the government and the foundation’ who ‘allowed the foundation to host what may have been (or may have been viewed as) a political event, apparently without official pre-approval from the foundation’s legal department and without regard, before the fact, to the impact of that decision on the foundation’s tax exempt status.’” 
This memo was written in 2008. It would have taken then, and it would now take, about a month of investigation by New York State and US Dept. of Justice officials to nail down the particulars and sink the Clinton Foundation. 
That didn’t happen then. Will it happen now? Not if the Dept. of Justice has anything to say about it. The Clintons are protected. 
But evidence of the Foundation corruption is spreading like wildfire. Some fires are impossible to contain. 
(To read about Jon’s mega-collection, Power Outside The Matrix , click here .) 
The author of three explosive collections, THE MATRIX REVEALED , EXIT FROM THE MATRIX , and POWER OUTSIDE THE MATRIX , Jon was a candidate for a US Congressional seat in the 29 th District of California. He maintains a consulting practice for private clients, the purpose of which is the expansion of personal creative power. Nominated for a Pulitzer Prize, he has worked as an investigative reporter for 30 years, writing articles on politics, medicine, and health for CBS Healthwatch, LA Weekly, Spin Magazine, Stern, and other newspapers and magazines in the US and Europe. Jon has delivered lectures and seminars on global politics, health, logic, and creative power to audiences around the world. You can sign up for his free emails at NoMoreFakeNews.com or OutsideTheRealityMachine ."
"By Justin Gardner As the corporatocracy tightens its grip on the masses – finding ever more ways to funnel wealth to the top – humanity... "
"By Abby Martin With the Wikileaks release of thousands of emails belonging to John Podesta, very little is known in US society about Podesta himself.... "
"By Clint Siegner Most of us consider this year’s presidential election as the wildest and most unpredictable we’ve ever seen, but you wouldn’t know it... "
"By Kurt Nimmo, Blacklisted News If elected this week Hillary Clinton will turn up the heat on brinkmanship with Russia. Democrats insist Russia is behind... "
"By Bernie Suarez It’s always important to keep a strong perspective on reality and the objective truth about what is happening even though we ourselves... "
"By Claire Bernish In no surprise to anyone paying even marginal attention, the FBI’s clearing Hillary Clinton of wrongdoing in its briefly reopened investigation —... "
"By Kurt Nimmo Remember when the Pentagon promised to put a missile down the smokestack of anybody who hacks the elite? It hasn’t done that... "
"By Chris “Kikila” Perrin In what can only be described as a case that defies the idea of freedom of the press, CTV News reported... "
"By Melissa Dykes This has already been the craziest election in the history of the country, with the most overt corruption and fraud the American... "
"By Kurt Nimmo According to NYPD Deputy Commissioner of Intelligence and Counterterrorism John Miller, the threat of terrorism is a constant. Following yet another empty... "
"By Chris Duane Chris Duane explains why he’s not voting and destroys the left-right paradigm surrounding the 2016 US presidential (s)election. Vote for yourself. These... "
"By Jon Rappoport Follow the bouncing ball. It turns out that several money bundlers for Hillary Clinton—Fredrick D. Schaufeld, Karen Schaufeld, Sonjia Smith, Michael Bills—... "
"By Justin Gardner As the controversial Dakota Access Pipeline nears its planned Missouri River crossing, protesters are remaining strong in their fight to protect the... "
"By Catherine J. Frompovich One of the attorneys with whom I network on various issues was so incensed about a recent news ‘event’ that I... "
"By Brandon Turbeville As the U.S. Presidential selection circus draws to a close, the United States and Turkey have announced a new plan to defeat... "
"By Brandon Turbeville As the U.S. Presidential selection circus draws to a close, the United States and Turkey have announced a new plan to defeat... "
"Op-Ed by Carey Wedler As millions of Americans head to the polls today to “have their voices heard” and “make a difference,” many will likely... "
"By Jon Rappoport Before the polls are closed in the states. And already… The networks are tuning up viewers to expect a few key states... "
"By Makia Freeman President Elect Trump is new title for New York businessman, millionaire and Republican candidate Donald J. Trump, who yesterday on November 8th,... "
"By Jon Rappoport But… After Trump’s stunning victory, the media narrative will continue: Riots are okay. Now we are a nation “deeply divided.” This horrible... "
"By Mike Maharrey Voters in North Dakota and Arkansas have approved ballot measures legalizing medical marijuana, taking a first step toward nullifying the unconstitutional federal prohibition of... "
"By Mike Maharrey Voters in Florida have approved a ballot measure legalizing medical marijuana, taking a big step toward nullifying the unconstitutional federal prohibition of... "
"on October 30, 2016 2:24 pm · 
One thing that has continuously dogged the Donald Trump for president campaign is the fact that racists, anti-semites, xenophobes, misogynists, and various other bigots have stuck with the bombastic real estate mogul since he first launched his travesty of a campaign. No matter how much Trump’s people try to say he doesn’t want the support of such folks, the candidate himself refuses to take the fact that there is anything about the campaign he has been running that attracts these people seriously. So, naturally, when Trump’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway sat down with an interview with CNN’s Jake Tapper on Sunday , that particular issue came up again. Of course, Conway was not happy. Tapper began: 
“There are a lot of anti-Semites and racists and misogynists who support the Trump candidacy.” 
Conway immediately went on defense, saying, “wow.” Tapper went on to reference a man who was shouting ‘JEW-S-A’ at the press pen at a recent Trump rally, and directly asked Conway if she would refer to such people as ‘deplorable.’ She responded: 
“Yes, I would. Wow, I have to push back on some of the adjectives you just used to describe — I hope you’ve been to Trump rallies and I hope that y