ou’ve seen the tens of thousands. I mean, he’s had over half a million people easily, I think in excess of that. These are U.S.A.-loving Americans.” 
Tapper went on to say that no, he isn’t putting all Trump supporters into that camp, but went on to force Conway’s hand on this one: 
“But without question, people who are experts on hate groups say that there has been a comfort level that has been offered to people who are anti-Semitic that has been offered to people who are anti-Semitic and racists and on and on. And these people are comfortable coming out in the open and supporting Mr. Trump. 
Mr. Trump has refused to condemn in a very serious way his racist and anti-Semitic fans,” Tapper continued. “He just has. He says things like, “Oh, sure, I disavow, I disavow.’ But he has never serious said, ‘I don’t want the support of those people, they are reprehensible, they have nothing to do with me.’ He has never seriously done it.” 
Conway used the pushing to pivot back to the idea that the Trump campaign is winning, saying: 
“I think this exchange is frankly the best piece of evidence I have that we’re actually going to win in nine days because the idea that we’re going to shift away from the pattern of corruption the cloud of ethical stain that Hillary Clinton would bring to the Oval Office in such an important week.” 
No, Kellyanne, it’s not a sign that Trump is winning. It’s pointing something out that has been true since this whole fiasco began: That Donald Trump is a raging bigot, and he has been so openly. Dog whistles have turned into fog horns this election cycle, and it’s all because of Donald Trump. He embraces these bigots because he’s one of them. The quicker you learn that, the better. 
Watch the exchange below: 
Featured image via video screen capture Share this Article! Share on Facebook Author: Shannon Barber Shannon Barber is a self- described queer feminist and activist for racial equality, LGBT rights, women’s rights, and secular rights in America. She is a lifelong lover of words, though her educational background is in computer science. She currently writes for 2 liberal websites, and keeps her own humor blog for lesbians. She hopes to change the world, one mind at a time. Search"
"on October 30, 2016 4:07 pm · 
For like the eleventy-billionth time, Sarah Palin posted a broken link to a Facebook post on Twitter Sunday. Now, at first glance her months of posting dead links and not figuring out how to fix the problem might seem moderately stupid — until you see the content of the actual post on the half-term, half-wit former Governor of Alaska’s Facebook timeline. 
Referencing Clinton’s recent, mundane campaign stop at a bar, Palin — who regularly appears to be heavily intoxicated whenever she has a camera in front of her and was involved in a drunken hillbilly brawl in 2014 — quipped, “she’s gonna drive us all to drink.” 
Thinking she is clever, she then adds that Clinton should have been “thinking Sam Adams” rather than “drinking Sam Adams.” 
Naturally, as Palin brought up drinking, the internet decided it couldn’t let this one go: @SarahPalinUSA I see you've already started 
— Clodagh Smith (@Clodagh831) October 30, 2016 @SarahPalinUSA Any excuse to drink, eh Sarah? #Lush 
— John Yuma (@JohnYuma) October 30, 2016 @SarahPalinUSA Have you been day drinking again? 
— Mr. Wolfcastle (@tew156) October 30, 2016 @SarahPalinUSA oh Sarah, remember when you mattered?Me neither. Open another Box O' Wine."
"on November 4, 2016 4:45 pm · 
If you had wanted to give Trump supporters the benefit of the doubt, this most recent incident proves that it’s far too much to give them. 
A 56-year-old man in Allen Park, Michigan has just been charged with six felonies after he held six children at gunpoint because he thought they’d damaged the Donald Trump sign on his lawn. Yes, this is the kind of deranged, emotionally unstable supporters Trump has attracted. 
The man, Michael Robert Kubek, had called police on October 29th to report that his Trump sign had been hit by teenagers, who had fled the scene. When the police arrived at the scene, they didn’t find Kubek at his home – however, when the officers followed the screams coming from around the corner, there he was. 
The police saw Kubek standing over six children ages 12-14, who were sitting on the grass. Kubek accused the children of destroying his sign despite the fact that he never actually witnessed them doing it. The children denied any involvement, and the officers told Kubek to return to his house so they could speak to the children. 
According to the kids, they were simply on their way to the park for a birthday celebration when Kubek had pulled out a gun and pointed it at them, instructing them to sit down on the grass. Those witnessing the act took to social media to vent their shock: Twitter Twitter 
The News-Herald reported: 
“The officer asked him again if he could identify any of the kids as the one who damaged his sign, but Kubek repeated that he could not. The officer then asked Kubek if he pulled out a pistol and pointed it at the kids. According to police, Kubek said “yes.” 
In response to another question from the officer, Kubek said he felt threatened because he was outnumbered.” 
Yes, a grown man used a gun because he felt “outnumbered” by a small group of innocent kids. This is EXACTLY the type of unhinged person who shouldn’t be trusted with firearms! Kubek’s hearing is scheduled for December 5th – let’s hope that whatever happens to Kubek, that he is no longer considered a responsible gun owner. You can watch a report below: 
Featured image via Allen Park Police Department and Joe Raedle / Getty Images Share this Article! Author: Vera My passion is bringing attention to human rights and equality issues. In addition to writing for Addicting Info, I also run a website and digital magazine dedicated to social issues and promoting equality in all forms. Search"
"on November 5, 2016 4:50 pm · 
Appearing at a concert for Hillary Clinton in Ohio alongside Chance the Rapper, Big Sean and her husband Jay Z, Beyoncé let us all know why she’s “with her.” 
After explaining that she was so happy her nephew got to have Barack Obama to look up to and know he could one day be president, Beyoncé then explained that this election is continuing on that path of progress. She explained that gender goes beyond that of any religion or race, and electing the first woman president is something she wants for her daughter. She said: 
“I want my daughter to grow up seeing a woman lead our country and know that her possibilities are limitless.” 
Electing Hillary Clinton would break the mold of the United States being led by only men since its inception. However, that’s clearly not the only reason to elect Hillary. She is, by far, the most qualified person to run for President of the United States in more than a century. 
Watch Beyoncé explain why she’s “with her” here: “I want my daughter to grow up seeing a woman lead our country & know that her possibilities are limitless”– @Beyonce #ImWithHer pic.twitter.com/eXRJn04QiJ 
— Khary Penebaker (@kharyp) November 5, 2016 
Featured Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Share this Article! Author: Sarah Sarah is a liberal writer who's been writing and commenting on politics for over 5 years as the Opinionated Democrat on Facebook. She is also the founder and Editor-in-Chief of the online satirical publication Free Wood Post. Search"
"on November 6, 2016 8:03 am · 
Saturday Night Live has helped bring quite a bit of levity to this otherwise horrific election year but in the final episode before the election, before we as a nation go to the polls and decide if we want to be extraordinary or “deplorable,” the cast of Saturday Night Live could not help but drop the act and get real with America. 
It began as it normally does, with Alec Baldwin’s masterful Donald Trump character and Kate McKinnon’s excellent portrayal of Hillary Clinton (if she spent all day every day mainlining a dangerous mixture of sugar and caffeine). 
“I never use emails,” Trump says in the cold opener. “I use a very private, very secure site where one can write whatever they want to and no one can read it It’s called Twitter.” 
After he is informed that everyone can see his tweets, “Trump” replies: 
“Really? And I’m still in this thing? America you must really hate this lady.” 
After a scathing rebuke of the media’s decision to ignore Trump’s cozy relationship with Putin, the KKK, and the FBI and instead focus on something as meaningless as Hillary Clinton’s emails, something magical happened: McKinnon and Baldwin dropped the facade and got serious. 
“I’m sorry, Kate. I just hate yelling all this stuff at you like this,” Baldwin says. “I just feel gross all the time about this. Don’t you all feel gross?” he added, addressing the audience. 
McKinnon agrees and the two embark on a “friendship montage” through the city before returning to the stage. Then they dropped perhaps the most important message you will hear this election year. “None of this would have mattered if you don’t vote,” Baldwin says. 
“We can’t tell you who to vote for, but on Tuesday we all get a chance to choose what kind of country we want to live in,” McKinnon finishes. 
They’re right."
"on November 11, 2016 3:30 pm · 
As if the election of Donald Trump couldn’t get even more disastrous and hypocritical, Senator Lindsey Graham just called on Trump to nominate a right-wing extremist to nation’s highest court. 
All year long, Republicans have been blocking President Obama’s nomination of Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court because they want the next president to make the pick. And because they now have the conservative puppet president they have always wanted, they want to make sure that nominee is a conservative extremist. 
South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham told WYFF-TV that Trump should pick Texas Senator Ted Cruz as the nominee and warned Democrats not to block him, which is hypocritical considering