 how Republicans have treated President Obama’s nominee and threatened to block any nominees Hillary Clinton would have made had she won the election. 
“I’m here to tell my Democratic colleagues that I voted for Obama’s nominees. I expect them to give Trump’s nominees a fair shake. He won this election. He will pick a conservative. I would put Ted Cruz on that list. If they try to block this pick, they will regret it. If you don’t honor Trump’s nominee, you’re making a huge mistake.” 
Democrats should stand up and give Graham a collective middle finger. 
Since Antonin Scalia died in February, there has been a vacancy on the Supreme Court bench that has yet to be filled. The body wasn’t even cold yet before Republicans vowed to block any nominee President Obama picked to replace him, going so far as to even deny Garland a confirmation hearing. That’s far from the “fair shake” Graham is asking Democrats to give to a man as dangerous as Ted Cruz. 
Putting Cruz on the Supreme Court would guarantee rulings against women’s rights and LGBT rights as well as putting laws like the Voting Rights Act and the Civil Rights Act in further peril. In no uncertain terms should Democrats grant Cruz a hearing, nor should they respect any of Trump’s conservative choices for the court. Republicans should have thought about “fair shakes” before taking the totally unprecedented step of being complete assholes toward the Supreme Court nominee of a sitting president who also won an election and s far more popular than Trump. Again, Senate Republicans didn’t even give Garland a hearing or a vote. They refused to do their jobs entirely out of disrespect towards President Obama. And so that’s exactly what Democrats should do to Trump. Turnabout is fair play and Republicans only have themselves to blame. 
Featured Image: Ethan Miller/Getty Images Share this Article!"
"on November 12, 2016 3:54 pm · 
Trump fans may have won the election, but they aren’t taking a break from expressing their racist hatred of Michelle Obama. The Donald’s Deplorables were out in force after the First Lady posed for the cover of Vogue. 
“I could have spent eight years doing anything , and at some level, it would have been fine,” Obama told the magazine . “I could have focused on flowers. I could have focused on decor. I could have focused on entertainment. Because any first lady, rightfully, gets to define her role. There’s no legislative authority; you’re not elected. And that’s a wonderful gift of freedom.” 
In exercising her freedom, Michelle Obama has done quite a bit to push education, healthy eating, and support for our veterans — and in exercising their freedom, the Right has responded with nothing but hate. The reaction to the First Lady appearing in elegant clothing was typical. Readers of Yahoo News showered Obama with racist remarks, calling her an “ape” and a “monkey” and even wishing death upon her for the horrific crime of wearing pretty clothes. 
If you thought this behavior would stop after the election, you were wrong. Trump fans are not done by a long shot — and now they have been emboldened by America electing its first official KKK candidate. 
It will get worse before it gets better. 
Featured image via Vogue /screengrabs Share this Article! Share on Facebook Author: John Prager John Prager is an unfortunate Liberal soul who lives uncomfortably in the middle of a Conservative hellscape. John is the managing editor of Winning Democrats . He moonlights as a counselor at one of Barry Soetoro's FEMA re-education camps and as a HAARP weather control coordinator. John's life's aspiration is to rule the world with an iron fist, or find that sock he's been looking for. Feel free to email him at [email protected] if you have any questions or comments -- or drop him a line on Twitter or Facebook . Search"
"on November 13, 2016 3:09 pm · 
As predicted, Donald Trump’s victory on Election Day has emboldened racist conservatives to start harassing and attacking minorities. 
And it’s even happening in the deep blue state of California, where a woman spotted a sign hanging on the side of a building in the town of Pittsburg and snapped a photo of it. 
Twitter user James Thompson posted the image of the sign on the social media platform after his sister sent it to him. This picture was taken in Pittsburgh California. My sister texted this to me 10 minutes ago.Our democracy is being tested even in California pic.twitter.com/gDLKw54Lox 
— James Thompson (@JETBallin) November 13, 2016 
The sign clearly promotes lynching to prevent African-Americans from getting equal rights. 
“You can hang a n****r from a tree / Equal rights he will never see!” it says. 
The FBI has been notified and local police have filed a lawsuit in an effort to force the owners of the sign to remove it. 
In the wake of Trump’s surprising and depressing victory there has been a rise in the number of racist incidents in this country. In fact, there have been 139 reports of people being bullied by Trump supporters since the election night results. 
These incidents include the harassment of a Muslim teacher by a student in Georgia, and students designating water fountains “white” or “colored” at a Florida high school. 
Frankly, there are so many incidents that it’s difficult to list them all. You can find a somewhat comprehensive tally here . 
This is what Trump’s America looks like and it’s scary. And this has all happend in the course of a few days as Melania Trump continues to tell the media that her focus will be on ending bullying. What exactly does she mean by that? Is she going to call out all bullying, including the racist bullying being perpetrated by her husband’s own supporters? Or is she going to ignore those incidents and merely whine about people who criticize her husband. Because right now, she isn’t even First Lady yet and her “effort” has failed miserably. And she only has her husband to blame."
"on November 13, 2016 4:03 pm · 
Post election, the media and Donald Trump voters everywhere have been rewriting recent history. They are making the claim that Trump wasn’t elected because of racism; he was elected because of the economy. The problem with that argument, though, is that it’s simply not true. Trump voters are racist and there’s proof. 
The American National Elections Study (ANES) began the study in January. Initially, they asked “How likely is it that many whites are unable to find a job because employers are hiring minorities instead.” Now, of course, anyone who spends more than five minutes listening to those in minority communities know the answer to that. It’s VERY unlikely that whites aren’t getting jobs because minorities are, but that’s not what Trump voters think. The vast majority said that it’s “extremely likely” that minorities are taking jobs from white people. Graph courtesy of ANES and Salon . 
Then, they asked the same Trump voters about a non-racial issue, trade. Despite the fact that trade was one of Trump’s signature issues, their opinions on trade were mixed. 
Post election, this is what the study found: 
The question about white jobs is powerfully linked to support for Trump over Clinton. Eighty-four percent of whites who believe it is “extremely likely” that whites can’t find a job because employers are hiring people of color instead support Trump, compared with 23 percent of those who think it is “not at all” likely. Among white Democrats, 58 percent who believe people of color are taking jobs support Trump over Clinton, compared with less than 1 percent of those who believe it is not at all likely. Eighty-one percent of white women who think it is “extremely likely” people of color are taking jobs supported Trump, compared with 26 percent who don’t think that. 
More than that, 78 percent of white Trump supporters say black people are “violent.” 84 percent think that of Muslims. 
Unfortunately, Democrats might not be able to just ride out this wave of racism, hoping that eventually, the aging bigots will die off. It turns out their children are just as bad. Sean McElwee, the man who was responsible for publishing the study, suggested this: 
Democrats must create a narrative that weaves economic, racial and gender justice together. A multiracial coalition is the path to sustained political power and reductions in economic, racial and gender inequality. As I’ve shown with political scientist Jason McDaniel, racism often diminishes support for progressive policies. The solution is not to abandon either the white working class or the diverse and rising American electorate that still stands poised to transform the nation. 
Great idea, if we had a media that reported facts instead of letting bigots’ claims go unchallenged. 
Featured image via Ralph Freso/Getty Images Share this Article! Share on Facebook Author: Wendy Gittleson Wendy is one of the luckiest people on the planet. She actually gets to make a living out of two of her greatest passions, writing and politics. When she's not writing, she's hiking with her dogs, riding her bike or cooking a great meal with her friends or loved one. Follow Wendy on Facebook , Twitter or Google Plus . Search"
"on November 13, 2016 12:43 pm · 
Before the leaked tape of Donald Trump describing his propensity to grab women “by the pussy” to Billy Bush, it seemed that the media was ignoring Donald Trump’s glaring faults as a presidential candidate. During the primaries , for example, he received far more positive media coverage than any of his competitors. It turns out there might be a reason for that – Trump was bribing the media – at least that’s the accusation being made by Megyn Kelly of Fox News. 
In her memoire “Settle for More,” which will be released this week, Kelly said that Trump likely received the infamous question, in which she asked about the fact that he has called women “fat pigs, dogs, slobs and disgusting animals.” That question set Trump off on one of his Twitter tirades. These are only a portion: 
The worst and most controversial of which was this: 
As t