he election progressed, it became more and more apparent that Trump expected that no matter how egregious his behavior, he expected, no, demanded that the media kiss his orange ass. If they didn’t, he would cut off access, but before that, he tried bribery. 
While Kelly couldn’t speak for other members of the media, she alleges that Trump attempted to buy positive coverage by offering free stays at his hotels, with full perks. While the attempt clearly didn’t work on Kelly, she says that with some, their loyalty came cheap, or perhaps not so cheap. 
“This is actually one of the untold stories of the 2016 campaign: I was not the only journalist to whom Trump offered gifts clearly meant to shape coverage,” Kelly said. He also attempted to woo them with praise, she said, adding, “This is smart, because the media is full of people whose egos need stroking.” 
“Trump tried to work the refs, and some of the refs responded,” she said. 
When it became obvious that some reporters were “in the tank” for Trump, she alleges in one chapter, “certain TV hosts” would work with the candidate in advance on occasional Trump criticism so they would appear unbiased. She didn’t identify them by name or media outlet. 
Source: Yahoo 
Kelly also asserts that the day before the debate in which Kelly asked about Trump’s treatment of women, the candidate called Fox News exec. Bill Sammon, who told him about the first question. All we heard about, though, during the election, was that it was Hillary Clinton who was fed a town hall debate question and it was hardly earth shattering. The insider knowledge said that a woman, in the Flint, Michigan debate, would ask a question about the Flint water . 
While bribing journalists isn’t illegal, per say, it is highly unethical. Without the Fourth Estate exposing the underbelly of politicians and of politics, democracy is impossible. 
Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Share this Article! Share on Facebook Author: Wendy Gittleson Wendy is one of the luckiest people on the planet. She actually gets to make a living out of two of her greatest passions, writing and politics. When she's not writing, she's hiking with her dogs, riding her bike or cooking a great meal with her friends or loved one. Follow Wendy on Facebook , Twitter or Google Plus . Search"
"on February 15, 2015 11:17 am · 
It’s a common stereotype that food stamp recipients, and those who abuse it, are black, Hispanic, or any other race but white. According to the USDA in their report for fiscal year 2013, 40% of recipients are white and 26% are black. Courtesy of Travissonno.com 
While the media and America’s culture will have you believe that black people (or anyone who isn’t white) account for copious amounts of fraud, there’s a story breaking that you won’t hear on Fox “News” anytime soon (or you might, because any chance to crush the SNAP program, they will take). 
According to WCAX News in New York: 
More than 30 people have been nabbed for food stamp fraud in the North Country. 
Investigators say over the past couple month’s people used their food stamps to get food or alcohol at the Old Time Butcher Block store in Brushton. 
Police also say it’s not the first time the owner of that store, Dennis Sauve, has been charged with allowing such fraud. 
Police say more arrests are expected. 
Now here’s the kicker: they’re all white. Brushton, New York, where this bust happened, has a population of roughly 480 people. Approximately 99.83% of the population is white, and 0.42% are black. These demographics are eerily similar to the food stamp capital of the country , Owsley Country, Kentucky, which is 99.22% white and 95% Republican. Maybe we should investigate them. 
I just wish we could get the political affiliations of those arrested in Brushton. 
According to WPTZ News: 
Police say the arrests are the result of a year-long investigation, initiated by the Franklin County Department of Social Services Fraud Unit. Franklin County District Attorney’s Office, the United States Department of Agriculture, and the New York State Office of Temporary and Disability Assistance helped with the investigation. 
The store owner, Denis Sauve (also white), has been charged with third-degree grand larceny and misuse of food stamps. 
This really isn’t a racial issue so much as it is an, “I told you so,” issue. While the food stamp program has one of the lowest rates of abuse than any other welfare program, a lot of people buy into this misconception that it is the “lazy blacks” who account for all the fraud and woes of government assistance. Well, here we are, a major food stamp “bust” and every criminal involved is white. 
It might be time to rethink today’ stereotypes. Share this Article! Author: Ryan Denson Living blue in a red state (hopefully it will be purple in the next 10 years). You can reach me at [email protected] Search"
"on November 14, 2016 11:36 pm · 
In reaction to Donald Trump’s victory, The Simpsons decided to update their 2000 prediction of a Trump presidency. 
In 2000, the show showed a glimpse into the future where President Lisa Simpson inherited an economic mess from “President Trump.” Well, now that fictional story line has become a horrifying reality. 
Here is The Simpsons new opening with Bart Simpson writing on the chalkboard, “BEING RIGHT SUCKS”: The Simpsons updates its 2000 prediction of a Trump Presidency… #TheSimpsons pic.twitter.com/Myf5rYb9Dj 
— The Simpsons (@TheSimpsons) November 14, 2016 
Hopefully, the financial despair the fictional President Trump never becomes a reality, but seeing as he has no experience, is a businessman who’s not as good as he says he is, and The Simpsons have been right thus far, the future’s looking pretty bleak. 
Here’s the original clip of President Lisa Simpson calling out a Donald Trump presidency for his fiscal fallout and bad economy: 
Early on into Trump’s campaign, The Simpsons satirized the reality TV host turned president-elect by having Homer Simpson somehow at the campaign rollout and falling into Trump’s hair. If we could only go back to that moment and enjoy the comedy over reality. 
Now we have to reap what we’ve sown, or rather what the less than half of voting Americans have sown considering Trump only won with the Electoral College and lost the popular vote to Hillary Clinton in his own words, big league. 
Most of us with The Simpsons were very wrong with the prediction as well. 
Featured image via video screen capture Share this Article! Author: Sarah Sarah is a liberal writer who's been writing and commenting on politics for over 5 years as the Opinionated Democrat on Facebook. She is also the founder and Editor-in-Chief of the online satirical publication Free Wood Post. Search"
"on November 16, 2016 4:56 pm · 
It was just a few days ago that Bernie Sanders responded to Trump’s election win with the perfect message from Democrats. He said : 
“If Donald Trump takes people’s anger and turns it against Muslims, Hispanics, African Americans and women, we will be his worst nightmare.” 
And from what was just announced, it seems that Sanders has every intention of making good on that warning. Earlier today, the Vermont Senator was named chair of outreach during a closed-door Senate Democrat caucus meeting, according to The Hill . In his new role, Sanders will lead outreach to blue-collar voters — the very voters who became Trump supporters this year. Sanders will also be the ranking member on the Senate Budget Committee. Acknowledging that he has a “heavy responsibility to help shape the priorities of the United States government,” Sanders said: “I’m going to do everything that I can to make sure that the budget that leaves the United States Congress is a budget that represents the needs of working families and a shrinking middle class and not billionaires.” With the announcement of Sanders’ new position, Trump is definitely going to be a nervous wreck. He’s spent his entire presidential campaign claiming that he would help the working class, and now Sanders is in the position to challenge him and hold him to it for the next four years. By elevating Sanders to this new role, Democrats are moving to a more grassroots message, fully aware that Sanders’ presidential campaign and vision for America resonated with many voters. As we saw with Sanders’ popularity in the primaries, the Vermont Senator struck a nerve with workers and families, making him the perfect candidate to go up against Trump as he takes office. Sen. Debbie Stabenow (D-Mich.) commented on Sanders’ new responsibility: “We want to expand on that, and he will be reaching out to all our allies. We have a tremendous amount of talent in our caucus and we want to make sure everyone is contributing.” Sanders hardly needed this promotion to upset Trump, as he’s been one of the most outspoken politicians on Twitter since Trump’s win: Twitter Twitter Twitter 
However, Sanders’ new role is great news for our country, and we know he’s going to give Trump hell. 
Featured image via Zach Gibson and Alex Wong / Getty Images Share this Article! Author: Vera My passion is bringing attention to human rights and equality issues. In addition to writing for Addicting Info, I also run a website and digital magazine dedicated to social issues and promoting equality in all forms. Search "
"on November 21, 2016 7:58 pm · 
Donald Trump has had a rocky relationship with the press ever since his presidential campaign, and he’s only punished them further for trying to report the truth since becoming the President-elect. 
On Monday, Trump was set to have an off the record meeting with television networks to try and hash out presidential press access. This meeting was particularly important because Trump has previously limited press access, and has ditched two protocol press pools since getting elected. 
Some reporters in attendance were NBC’s Deborah Turness, Lester Holt and Chuck Todd; ABC’s James Goldston, George Stephanopoulos, David Muir and Martha Raddatz; CBS’ Norah O’Donnell and Charlie Rose; Fox 