f the Justice Department. 
The key, however, is the defense getting its hands on the information and being allowed by a judge to quiz witnesses about it, the sources said. 
{snip} 
The federal civil rights criminal case would hinge on proving that Pantaleo “intended” to violate Garner’s civil rights, which is a high threshold because it aims to get inside the cop’s head when he brought Garner to the ground. 
{snip} 
Defense lawyer Eric Franz said he would seek any prosecutorial memos regarding justification of a federal civil rights charge to examine the factual reasons behind the Brooklyn office’s recommendation, but agreed it remains a longshot. 
A greater problem is the damage this dispute is doing to the Justice Department’s credibility, Franz said. 
“I have enormous respect for Mr. Capers (Robert Capers, Brooklyn U.S. attorney) and his office, and they were in the best position to determine whether charges are warranted,” he said. 
{snip}"
"Anti-Trump Violence Sweeps the Nation Matthew Vadum, LifeZette, October 26, 2016 
While the mainstream media has been working day and night promoting Hillary Clinton’s candidacy, it has largely ignored or downplayed violent attacks against supporters of Donald Trump. 
But assaults on Trump supporters appear to be growing increasingly common as Election Day approaches and tensions intensify. Reports of Trump lawn signs and banners being stolen and defaced are everywhere on social media. 
Making matters worse, undercover video evidence emerged showing senior Democrat operatives Robert Creamer and Scott Foval acknowledging using dirty, likely illegal tricks against the Trump campaign. Their goal was to generate negative media coverage of Trump rallies by fomenting violence at them. The media eagerly used the various fisticuffs and melees the Democrats created to attempt to discredit Trump by depicting his supporters as violent, knuckle-dragging crazies. 
{snip} 
Despite their aversion to covering stories that put Trump in a sympathetic light, members of the media had no choice but to cover the extremely newsworthy Oct. 15 weekend firebombing of Republican Party headquarters in Orange County, North Carolina. Gov. Pat McCrory called the arson “an attack on our democracy,” while one GOP official called it an act of “political terrorism.” Spray-painted on the building next door were a swastika and the sentence “Nazi Republicans get out of town or else.” 
Meanwhile, most physical attacks on Trump supporters make only local news outlet–if that. Rarely do such assaults get mentioned on the evening TV broadcast news or in The New York Times or The Washington Post. That’s because they don’t fit the leftist narrative that Republicans are violent, racist, Islamophobic homophobes. 
{snip} 
Here is a compilation of some of the attacks on Trump supporters: 
On Oct. 15 in Bangor, Maine, vandals spray-painted about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter Paul Foster, whose van was hit with white paint, told reporters, “Why can’t they do a peaceful protest instead of painting cars, all of this, to make their statement?” 
Around Oct. 3, a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in Zeitgeist, a San Francisco bar, after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for Trump, GotNews reports. “The two Trump supporters were attacked, punched, and chased into the street by ‘some thugs’ that a barmaid called out from the back.” Lilian Kim of ABC 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the men, in which one was wearing a Trump T-shirt and the other was wearing a “Blue Lives Matter” shirt. 
On Sept. 28 in El Cajon, California, an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat 21-year-old Trump supporter Feras Jabro for wearing a “Make America Great Again” baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the smartphone app Periscope. 
On Sept. 26 at Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter, Minnesota, as the first presidential debate was about to get underway, a woman wearing Trump campaign apparel was assaulted while heading to a debate watch event. {snip} 
On Aug. 19 in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Trump supporters had to run a gauntlet of angry protesters to get into a Trump fundraiser at the Minneapolis Convention Center. When they left after the event they were hit, pushed, and spit on. 
{snip} 
On Aug. 3 in Bloomfield, New Jersey, an assailant attacked a 62-year-old man who was walking down the street wearing a pro-Trump T-shirt, local police said. “The motorist inquired why [the man] was wearing the shirt, directing profanities at him,” a police spokesman said. “The [victim] continued to walk away as [the] motorist followed him.” The motorist hit the man several times with a crowbar, causing injuries to his arms, hands, and thighs, 
{snip} 
This is not an exhaustive list of violent attacks on Trump supporters. 
No doubt there will be plenty more such assaults in the final two weeks, as Americans head to the polls. 
And Hillary Clinton’s campaign may be involved in those attacks."
"Fearing Election Day Trouble, Some US Schools Cancel Classes Newsmax, October 26, 2016 
Rigged elections. Vigilante observers. Angry voters. The claims, threats and passions surrounding the presidential race have led communities around the U.S. to move polling places out of schools or cancel classes on Election Day. 
The fear is that the ugly rhetoric of the campaign could escalate into confrontations and even violence in school hallways, endangering students. 
“If anybody can sit there and say they don’t think this is a contentious election, then they aren’t paying much attention,” said Ed Tolan, police chief in Falmouth, Maine, which decided to call off classes on Election Day and put additional officers on duty Nov. 8. 
{snip} 
Schools are popular polling places because they have plenty of parking and are usually centrally located. It’s difficult to say how many school-based polling places have been moved this year, given how decentralized the voting process is across the country. 
But state and local officials say voting has been removed or classes have been canceled on Election Day at schools in Illinois, Maine, Nebraska, New Hampshire, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and elsewhere. 
“There is a concern, just like at a concert, sporting event or other public gathering, that we didn’t have 15 or 20 years ago. What if someone walks in a polling location with a backpack bomb or something?” said Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp, co-chairman of the National Association of Secretaries of State election committee. “If that happens at a school, then that’s certainly concerning.” 
{snip} 
Easton Superintendent John Reinhart wanted to get voting out of schools altogether but was rebuffed by county election officials. So the school board canceled classes on Election Day. 
“If you take the personalities away and cast the emotion with the election aside, one has to ask the question: ‘Are our schools the best places for that activity to take place?'” he said. “I just think we’ve reached the point where we need to look at other locations.” 
{snip}"
"Minnesota Somali Groups Join to Speak with One Voice at Capitol Mila Koumpilova, Star Tribune, October 25, 2016 
Minnesota’s largest Somali nonprofits are teaming up to present a unified lobbying front to the state this winter. 
In recent months, the leaders of eight Somali community groups joined forces on several projects, hired a lobbyist and scored face time with the state’s lieutenant governor. Now, the new coalition is gearing up to ask state legislators for about $11 million for Somali community initiatives, building on $2 million Gov. Mark Dayton earmarked for such projects in this year’s budget. 
“Why not combine our separate efforts and do a better collaborative effort?” said Mohamud Noor, head of the Confederation of Somali Community, a coalition member. 
Spearheaded by the Minneapolis Foundation, the initiative is also a bid to nudge Somali-American nonprofits to better track and report results. 
A University of Southern California study last year found Somali-Americans celebrate the work of some leaders of 35 registered nonprofits and a host of more informal groups. But they distrust others. Study participants perceived some self-styled community leaders–dubbed “the Pretenders”–as adept at applying for grants but with little to show for it. 
{snip} 
This year’s state budget includes $2 million for investments in the Somali community–part of Dayton’s package of $35 million for addressing racial disparities in Minnesota. The Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development, and the nonprofit Youthprise each received roughly half of the money, which they will distribute in grants. The department is now weighing 30 proposals worth a total of $6.7 million for its half. 
“The $2 million wasn’t even close to being sufficient,” Warfa said. “We are asking for more money.” 
Weli says the group also wants to push the state to entrust Somali-led nonprofits with funds directly, rather than steering resources to state agencies. 
“The system is not structured so that people of color serve themselves,” she said. “They are always the recipients of services.” 
{snip} 
The group is calling for investments to encourage entrepreneurship and homeownership, expand mental health services, provide culturally sensitive prenatal care and spur youth leadership. 
A more specific proposal is still a work in progress, leaders acknowledge. 
{snip} 
Mohamed Ahmed, a creator of cartoons lampooning extremists, who is not part of the coalition, says many in the community feel acute mistrust of local nonprofits and community leaders. 
“You can literally throw a stone and hit a nonprofit in the community; there are so many of them, God help us,” said Ahmed, whose Average Mohamed initiative recently became a nonprofit as well. “Accountability and monitoring effectiveness are big issues.” 
Ahmed says Warfa is well-respected, and a group of nonprofits that will hold each other accountable is a promising step. 
{snip}"
"Gambia Joins South Africa and Burund