st gentrification outside an East Austin cafe Friday evening, but organizers denied being involved in the vandalism discovered at the business earlier today . 
The protest was organized by Defend Our Hoodz , which pointed at Blue Cat Cafe, located at East Cesar Chavez and Navasota streets, as one of many examples of gentrification in the area. 
{snip} 
The protest was heated at times. At one point, a few of the protesters surrounded and yelled at the cafe’s owner, who argued with them while standing outside the cafe. 
{snip} 
Blue Cat Cafe opened its doors a year ago on Oct. 17. It replaced the family-run piñata store Jumpolin, which was demolished in February 2015. Jumpolin’s owners said the eight-year-old business had been torn down with no notification, and the demolition sparked protests as people argued that the event symbolized how Austinites and Austin landowners are pushing out minority residents and business owners as the city grows. 
{snip} 
On Friday morning, the owner of Blue Cat Cafe discovered graffiti on the business’ walls that read “you gentrified scum.” The doors had also been glued shut, temporarily trapping the cafe’s cats inside. 
{snip} 
The cafe’s owner asked the Statesman not to use her name because of multiple death threats that she said she’s gotten from protesters who opposed the demolition of Jumpolin. 
“The vandalism and the mental anguish they’ve caused me and the cyber-bullying they do–it’s really out of control,” the owner said. “They show up with megaphones and they yell profanity; they send me emails with pictures of dead cats and pigs.” 
[Editor’s Note: There is footage of the protest at the original article link below.]"
"Jenice Armstrong, Philly, October 26, 2016 
The Temple attacks were about troublemaking teens–not race. 
The youngsters who jumped those college students as they walked to campus Friday night are delinquents who need to be put in check before it’s too late. 
They were nothing but miscreants who took out their aggression and misdirected rage on random passersby. Why? Because they felt like wilding out that night. They were out to create chaos, so they did. 
So, don’t talk to me about gentrification in North Philly. 
Don’t talk to me about poverty. 
Don’t talk to me about race relations. 
Those are whole other conversations and not what these attacks were about. 
No one was safe from these teens that night. Not the six Temple students who were injured. Not the Temple police officer knocked from her bicycle by a 15-year-old. Not even a police horse. Anyone could have gotten caught up in that madness. 
According to news reports, a crowd of 150 youngsters started gathering after an Instagram advertised an 8 p.m. meet-up at the AMC North Broad Street 7 (formerly the Pearl Theater at Avenue North), on Broad Street near Oxford at the southern end of the campus. 
{snip} 
Most of the high schoolers who responded to the online posting were good kids looking to socialize. But then the delinquents did what they often do and ruined it for everybody. 
According to police, a group of 20 to 30 boys and girls in their early to late teens randomly attacked Temple students as they returned from a football game at Lincoln Financial Field. 
{snip} 
People keep trying to make this a racial thing because at least two of the victims were white and all of the assailants were African American. They make that assumption even though we don’t know the race of the other injured students. (Lots of African Americans go to Temple.) Nor do we know the race of the injured officers. 
Street violence is street violence. It knows no skin color. {snip} 
{snip} 
Another student, a junior environmental science major who didn’t give her name, told a website called theTab.com, “My boyfriend ran and got away but the second I tried to run, they grabbed me by my hair and started beating my head and back. 
“I remember shoes coming for my face and after that I heard other kids from the group saying, ‘Yo chill, yo chill, it’s just a girl,’ and they pulled my attackers off me.” 
{snip} 
Temple has promised increased security, but when it comes to random street violence, anything can happen to anyone–black or white."
"Chicago ‘Hits Back,’ Strips Trump of Honorary Street Designation Fran Spielman, Chicago Sun-Times, October 25, 2016 
Chicago aldermen on Tuesday hit Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump where it hurts–in his formidable ego–for using a spike in homicides and shootings to paint a “distorted caricature” of the city. 
The City Council’s Transportation Committee unanimously agreed to strip Trump of a recognition he covets: “Trump Plaza,” the honorary designation for the east side of Wabash Avenue between Illinois Street and the Chicago River, outside the 96-story Trump International Hotel & Tower. 
“We can actually use his own words against him: ‘When you hit us, we hit back,’ ” said Transportation Committee Chairman Anthony Beale (9th). 
“You’ve hit Chicago numerous times. . . . When you hit Chicago, Chicago hits back.” 
{snip} 
As for the honorary street designation, one of the Trump Plaza signs already has been stolen. So only one more needs to be removed. That will be done post-haste, if the full City Council approves the punishment, thanks to a so-called “pending passage” letter that Beale promised to sign. 
Reilly said Trump no longer deserves the honor after making political hay at Chicago’s expense in a way that has damaged the city’s reputation on the global stage. 
Trump’s decision to portray Chicago as a “war zone” that needs stop-and-frisk during the first presidential debate was the final straw. 
“He was comparing us to a war-torn, third-world country. That was a set of comments that didn’t just insult me. It insulted anyone who loves this great city,” Reilly said. 
{snip}"
"Don’t Root, Root, Root for the Racist, Red-Face Team from Cleveland Paul Thornton, Los Angeles Times, October 26, 2016 
How I wish it were the Dodgers who took the field Tuesday night in Cleveland. Yes, we’re all sad in Los Angeles that our team is now one year closer to celebrating the 30th anniversary of its last World Series appearance, but this goes beyond provincialism and wounded civil pride. 
The Dodgers deserved the chance to humiliate a Cleveland baseball team that not only persists in identifying itself as the “Indians,” but also resurrected the laughably racist, red-faced mascot Chief Wahoo just in time for the playoffs. 
For those who haven’t kept up with the baseball drama, here’s a summary: The Cleveland team drew the curtain on its regular-season minstrel show in the spring, having replaced Chief Wahoo on its caps with a vintage red “C.” It never officially retired the offending mascot, but Wahoo remained confined only to uniform sleeves throughout the regular season, leading reasonable people to believe that the team ownership had finally seen the light where other franchises such as the NFL’s Washington Redskins remained defiantly in the dark, and was easing its fans into the post-“Indians” era. 
Or so we thought. Chief Wahoo reappeared when the Cleveland team began its impressive playoff run against the Boston Red Sox, and he hasn’t left. He remained stitched on hats and held aloft by adoring Cleveland fans as the team convincingly defeated the Toronto Blue Jays, even surviving a legal attack by advocates of Canada’s indigenous peoples that threatened to forbid even so much as the use of the term “Indians” while the team was on Canadian soil. 
{snip} 
It’s tempting to look past all this and take pity on a city that’s had it as rough as Cleveland. The Cubs’ championship drought has famously lasted for 107 baseball seasons, but the Cleveland team boasts a pitiable 67 years without a World Series title. Beyond sports, Cleveland’s decline as an important American metropolis is arguably unmatched, having tumbled from a population peak of 900,000-plus in 1950 to less than 400,000 today. {snip} 
But Cleveland? Hey, I know some generous, wonderfully caring people from that part of Ohio, which makes wishing for their team’s brutal defeat personally difficult. But being on the right side of a moral dispute isn’t supposed to be easy, especially when the team in question isn’t the evil Washington Redskins and its infernal owner, Daniel Snyder. Cleveland’s municipal misery doesn’t excuse the disgraceful exalting of Chief Wahoo any more than white men’s economic hardship makes Donald Trump’s popularity OK. 
{snip}"
"Students to Protest ‘Mikado’ for Lack of Engagement with Controversial Past Derek G. Xiao, Harvard Crimson, October 27, 2016 
A group of Asian American students is planning to protest the Harvard-Radcliffe Gilbert and Sullivan Players’ upcoming production of “The Mikado” for how it handles the racial stereotypes that characterize traditional performances of the opera. 
Organized by George S. Qiao ’18, the group of students had publicized their protest over various email lists, describing what they consider inadequate attempts to remove the Japanese stereotypes and appropriation of Japanese culture that remained latent in the adapted production’s storyline. But later Qiao said that he thought the tone of his initial concerns was unfair to the Players. 
“I fully believe that members of the Gilbert and Sullivan Players put their blood, sweat, and tears into trying to improve this staging of the production,” Qiao said. “However, I believe that there is still insufficient critical engagement [with] this play’s history of Japanese cultural misrepresentation.” 
Penned in 1884, “The Mikado” is a comical opera, set in the fictional Japanese town of Titipu and meant to satirically mask criticism of British political culture and bureaucracy with grossly exaggerated “Asian” names and stereotypical cultural caricatures. 
{snip} Hoping to avoid these issues in their own production, the board of the Gilbert and Sullivan Players made some changes to the setting and script of the opera, characterizing their rendition as a “reimagining” o