f the original production. 
“The board of the Harvard-Radcliffe Gilbert & Sullivan Players, whose mission is to produce the full canon of Gilbert and Sullivan’s shows, faced a dilemma this past January,” Kathleen C. Zhou ’17, the president of the Players, wrote in an op-ed for The Crimson Tuesday. “Strike ‘The Mikado’ from our season, and ignore one of the most problematic but well-known G&S; shows, or try to confront it by reimagining it and subverting authorial intent.” 
The setting of their show is no longer the 19th century town of Titipu, and instead is now 20th century “Las Vegas themed Oriental hotel.” And, the opening number “Gentlemen of Japan” has been rewritten as “Gentlemen of the Strip.” 
{snip} 
Zhou said in an interview that in rethinking the comical opera’s script, the complete omission of all of the original production’s issues was “an erasure in itself in that it does not acknowledge how problematic the show has been to [Asians].” 
{snip}"
"Japan’s Population Declines in 2015 for First Time Since 1920 Japan Times, October 27, 2016 
Japan’s population stood at 127,094,745 as of Oct. 1, 2015, the final results of the census showed, down 0.8 percent from the previous census five years earlier and marking the first decline since the survey began in 1920. 
Of the total population, including non-Japanese residents, those aged 65 or older accounted for a record-high 26.6 percent, while those below 15 years old fell to a record-low 12.6 percent, the internal affairs ministry said. 
The government data showed that the number of people 65 or older rose 3.6 percentage points from the previous census in 2010 to 33,465,441. In contrast, those 14 or younger fell by 0.6 points to 15,886,810. 
Comparing the new census figures against U.N. estimates, Japan remains the 10th-most populous nation. However, among the top 20 countries, it was the only one whose population declined between 2010 and 2015. 
The latest results by the census, conducted every five years, also showed that the population is concentrated in Tokyo and its vicinity. 
Of the 47 prefectures, the capital and neighboring Saitama, Chiba and Kanagawa prefectures accounted for 28.4 percent of the total population. 
The population rose only in eight prefectures–the four above as well as Aichi, Shiga, Fukuoka and Okinawa. 
The population of Japanese nationals totaled 124,283,901, while the number of non-Japanese residents in the country totaled 1,752,368, the government data showed. 
By nationality, Chinese nationals accounted for the largest number of expatriates at 511,118, followed by people from both South Korea and North Korea together at 376,954. 
Of the country’s 1,719 municipalities, the populations in 1,419 of them decreased, according to the census. 
The male population totaled 61,841,738, while the female population stood at 65,253,007. 
Tokyo had the lowest number of people in a household at 1.99, falling below 2 for the first time since the government began compiling such information in 1970, the data showed. The national average of members per household is 2.33. 
The preliminary figures for the census, released in February, showed the country’s population fell by 947,305 from 128,057,352 in 2010."
"Chinese Immigrants Demand Protection from Paris Muggers David Chazan, Telegraph, August 21, 2016 
Thousands of angry Chinese immigrants demonstrated in a Paris suburb yesterday (Sun) to demand police protection from muggers who they say prey on them because they are seen as easy targets. 
The death of a 49-year-old Chinese tailor after being badly beaten in a robbery earlier this month has lent new urgency to the long running complaint that Asian immigrants are systematically attacked and robbed in the French capital. 
“The Chinese community is dying in silence,” read a slogan on a T-shirt splashed with red to symbolise bloodstains worn by one demonstrator, Maike Song. 
He said he joined the protest in Aubervilliers to pay homage to Chaoling Zhang, the father of two who died on August 14 after being punched to ground in the north-eastern suburb that is home to some 4,000 Chinese immigrants. 
No arrests have been made over the attack. 
About 100 Chinese residents of Aubervilliers have been attacked and robbed since November, according to the Franco-Chinese Friendship Association. 
“It is because of prejudices that Chinese people are weak, docile and wealthy,” said Fang, a young female student. “I’ve been attacked three times in three years and my friends are suffering the same thing. Some have moved away from this area because of it. I don’t go out with a handbag any more.” 
Community workers say many muggings are committed by members of other minorities living in the area, generally of Arab or African origin. 
Paris officials corroborated the figures but declined to identify the robbers by ethnic origin. 
Many Chinese immigrants own restaurants or shops and tend to be relatively well-off, but are often reluctant to go to the police. “Some victims have been illegal immigrants,” said Dominique Darden, a social worker. 
The Chinese community of Paris has held other protests in recent years over the attacks. 
“They happen almost every day because of poverty but it’s unbearable,” said a spokesman, Olivier Wang. “No one should have to put up with this.”"
"Facebook Lets Advertisers Exclude Users by Race Julia Angwin and Terry Parris Jr., Pro Publica, October 28, 2016 
Imagine if, during the Jim Crow era, a newspaper offered advertisers the option of placing ads only in copies that went to white readers. 
That’s basically what Facebook is doing nowadays. 
The ubiquitous social network not only allows advertisers to target users by their interests or background, it also gives advertisers the ability to exclude specific groups it calls “Ethnic Affinities.” Ads that exclude people based on race, gender and other sensitive factors are prohibited by federal law in housing and employment. 
{snip} 
The ad we purchased was targeted to Facebook members who were house hunting and excluded anyone with an “affinity” for African-American, Asian-American or Hispanic people. ( Here’s the ad itself .) 
When we showed Facebook’s racial exclusion options to a prominent civil rights lawyer John Relman , he gasped and said, “This is horrifying. This is massively illegal. This is about as blatant a violation of the federal Fair Housing Act as one can find.” 
The Fair Housing Act of 1968 makes it illegal “to make, print, or publish, or cause to be made, printed, or published any notice, statement, or advertisement, with respect to the sale or rental of a dwelling that indicates any preference, limitation, or discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, handicap, familial status, or national origin.” Violators can face tens of thousands of dollars in fines . 
The Civil Rights Act of 1964 also prohibits the “printing or publication of notices or advertisements indicating prohibited preference, limitation, specification or discrimination” in employment recruitment. 
{snip} 
Facebook says its policies prohibit advertisers from using the targeting options for discrimination, harassment, disparagement or predatory advertising practices. 
“We take a strong stand against advertisers misusing our platform: Our policies prohibit using our targeting options to discriminate, and they require compliance with the law,” said Steve Satterfield, privacy and public policy manager at Facebook. “We take prompt enforcement action when we determine that ads violate our policies.” 
{snip} 
He said Facebook began offering the “Ethnic Affinity” categories within the past two years as part of a “multicultural advertising” effort. 
Satterfield added that the “Ethnic Affinity” is not the same as race–which Facebook does not ask its members about. Facebook assigns members an “Ethnic Affinity” based on pages and posts they have liked or engaged with on Facebook. 
When we asked why “Ethnic Affinity” was included in the “Demographics” category of its ad-targeting tool if it’s not a representation of demographics, Facebook responded that it plans to move “Ethnic Affinity” to another section. 
Facebook declined to answer questions about why our housing ad excluding minority groups was approved 15 minutes after we placed the order. 
{snip}"
"Posted on October 28, 2016 Media Self-Destruct over Trump Jared Taylor, American Renaissance, October 28, 2016 Their hysteria and dishonesty have backfired. 
From the start of Donald Trump’s campaign, the media have covered him dishonestly. They have consistently portrayed him as a closet “white supremacist” who deliberately appeals to “racists.” They have tried to tie him to a wicked movement known as the “Alt-Right.” They are now working on another dishonest angle: that Donald Trump is “mainstreaming hate” and bringing “racism” into public discourse. The media clearly want to stampede voters into Mrs. Clinton’s camp so as to spare us the agony of a “racist” in the White House. 
The demonization campaign has backfired. By trying to hang racial dissidents around Donald Trump’s neck, the media have given American Renaissance and other organizations far more publicity than ever before. At the same time, constant shouts of “racist” and “bigot” don’t seem to hurt Mr. Trump: instead they are wrecking what is left of media credibility. The biggest irony, though, is that Donald Trump is probably not one of us at all. But even small deviations from the cast-iron orthodoxy of race are enough to plunge our rulers into dark fantasies about Donald Trump as a secret David Duke fan. 
Media dishonesty started immediately. When Mr. Trump pointed out that some immigrants from Mexico were criminals, the press acted as if he had said all Mexican immigrants are criminals. Then, when alert news hounds discovered that those of us they love to call “haters” and “white supremacists” liked Mr. Trump, there was no end of articles with titles such as: “ Meet the Horde of Neo-Nazis, Klansmen, and Other Extremist Leaders Endors