sophisticated equipment are posted as lookouts for smugglers. 
“I have seen cartel scouts on these two mountains before . . . and even in my front yard,” he said. “I wave at them and they often yell ‘hola’ and wave back.” 
Chilton–who keeps a gun holstered on his hip, a rifle by his front door and a pistol by his bedside–added that he and other ranchers are also in favor of beefed up security in remote border areas as extremist groups like Islamic State (IS) may be using them to slip operatives into the United States. 
{snip} 
But beyond the drug cartels and threat of terrorism, Chilton insists that Trump’s wall is all the more necessary for humanitarian reasons. 
“It’s just outrageous for me to find a dead body on my ranch. It’s outrageous for the border patrol to find a dead body and it’s outrageous for my cowboys,” he said, referring to migrants who often die making the crossing into the US through the brutal desert. 
“This is as big a humanitarian issue as it is a national security issue.” 
{snip} 
According to the US Border Patrol, nearly 2,600 bodies have been recovered since 1998 from the desert in the Tucson, Arizona sector which covers 262 miles of the border. 
{snip}"
"49ers Fans Care More About Victories Than Kaepernick Elliott Almond, Mercury News, October 24, 2016 
Colin Kaepernick’s first home start in a year didn’t stop the pessimism that has left red-jerseyed 49ers’ patrons in a football funk. 
Thousands of empty red seats at Levi’s Stadium underscored San Francisco’s freefall that continued unabated Sunday in a 34-17 defeat to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. 
Few were thinking about Kaepernick’s season-long activism in which he again kneeled during the national anthem to protest oppression against minorities. These days, fans just want to see their team win a game after six consecutive defeats. 
{snip} 
After leading the 49ers to a promising 14-0 first-quarter lead, Kaepernick and the offense sputtered. He completed just 16 of 34 passes for 134 yards with one touchdown and one interception. 
Kaepernick’s scrambling–he led the team with 84 rushing yards on nine carries–and occasional flashes of accurate downfield passing, weren’t enough, even with the 49ers firmly in the game midway through the fourth quarter. 
{snip} 
Kaepernick donned a T-shirt Sunday paying tribute to the Black Panther Party, an Oakland activist group that celebrated its 50th anniversary this weekend. The quarterback said the shirt was a gift from his girlfriend, MTV host Nessa Diab. 
Last week, he wore a shirt with Muhammad Ali’s face before the game at Buffalo. 
Kaepernick’s protest against police shootings of unarmed African Americans has been divisive because some say it is disrespectful to veterans. A recent survey by Yahoo Sports and YouGov found that a decline in NFL ratings partially is attributed to the quarterback’s action. 
“I don’t know much about ratings and how they are affected,” he said in a postgame interview. “But I don’t understand why ratings would go down fighting for justice for people, to try to stop oppression, especially in the league that is predominately black.” 
{snip}"
"UN: Migrant Deaths in Mediterranean Hit Record in 2016 BBC News, October 26, 2016 
At least 3,800 migrants have died or are missing in the Mediterranean Sea in 2016–the deadliest year on record, the UN refugee agency (UNHCR) has said. 
It said this was despite a significant drop in migrant crossings compared with 2015, when 3,771 deaths were reported. 
Smugglers were now more often using flimsy boats and putting more people aboard, the UNHCR said. 
{snip} 
The agency said the most dangerous route had been between Libya and Italy, with one death in every 47 arrivals recorded. 
By comparison, another–much shorter–route from Turkey to Greece had a ratio of 1 in 88. 
{snip} 
Nearly 330,000 people have crossed the Mediterranean Sea this year, compared with more than one million in 2015. 
{snip}"
"Dutch Anti-Islam MP Wilders to Snub Hate Speech Trial AFP, October 28, 2016 
Defiant Dutch anti-Islam politician Geert Wilders said Friday he will refuse to attend his hate speech trial next week, dubbing it a travesty aimed at silencing him as the country prepares for 2017 elections. 
The trial opens on Monday before a three-judge bench with the far-right politician facing charges of insulting a racial group and inciting racial hatred for comments he made about Moroccans living in the Netherlands. 
“It is my right and my duty as a politician to speak about the problems in our country,” Wilders said in a statement Friday, dubbing the case “a political trial, in which I refuse to cooperate”. 
It comes as opinion polls have shown his far-right Freedom Party (PVV) doing well ahead of March elections. 
After riding high amid the migrant crisis, the party is now polling neck-and-neck with Prime Minister Mark Rutte’s Liberals each predicted to win between 25 to 29 seats in the 150-seat parliament. 
Set to last until November 25, the trial focuses on a comment made at a March 2014 rally when Wilders asked supporters if they wanted “fewer or more Moroccans in your city and in the Netherlands?” 
When the crowd shouted back “Fewer! Fewer!” Wilders answered: “We’re going to organise that.” 
{snip} 
Wilders said Friday he would leave his defence in the hands of his lawyer Geert-Jan Knoops and instead “go to work” in the parliament in The Hague. 
{snip} 
Judges earlier this month dismissed arguments by Wilders’ lawyers that the trial was “politically motivated” adding they did not believe it will impact the PVV’s election campaign. 
Politicians “are granted broad freedoms of expression because of their official position,” the judges ruled last month. 
“Precisely therefore politicians have an important role to avoid feeding intolerance by making these kind of public statements.” 
Wilders hit back Friday saying “it is a travesty that I have to stand trial because I spoke about fewer Moroccans.” 
“Millions of Dutch citizens (43 percent of the population) want fewer Moroccans,” he claimed. 
“Not because they despise all Moroccans or want all Moroccans out of the country, but because they are sick and tired of the nuisance and terror caused by so many Moroccans.” 
{snip}"
"More Migrants Pitch Tents on Paris Streets as Calais Camp Shuts Ingrid Melander, Reuters, October 28, 2016 
The number of migrants sleeping rough on the streets of Paris has risen by at least a third since the start of the week when the “Jungle” shanty town in Calais was evacuated, officials said on Friday. 
Along the bustling boulevards and a canal in a northeastern corner of Paris, hundreds of tents have been pitched by migrants–mostly Africans who say they are from Sudan–with cardboard on the ground to try and insulate them from the autumn chill. 
While the presence of migrants there is not new, it has grown substantially this week, Colombe Brossel, Paris deputy mayor in charge of security issues, told Reuters. 
“We have seen a big increase since the start of the week. Last night, our teams counted 40 to 50 new tents there in two days,” Brossel said, adding there was now a total of 700 to 750. 
This means there are some 2,000-2,500 sleeping in the area, up from around 1,500 a few days before, she said. 
{snip} 
After years as serving as an illegal base camp for migrants trying to get to Britain, the “Jungle” at Calais was finally bulldozed this week and the more than 6,000 residents of the ramshackle camp near the English channel were relocated to shelters around France. 
{snip} 
Ama, a 24-year-old Sudanese who is six months pregnant, said she had come to Paris from Calais, but that was months ago. 
“I was in Calais before but I did not find the route (to Britain),” she said. “I couldn’t stay over there being pregnant, it was too hard.” 
Deputy Mayor Brossel said it was up to the central government, and not city authorities, to act. 
“These people must be sheltered,” she said. 
{snip}"
"Lukas Mikelionis, Heat Street, October 24, 2016 
{snip} According to Misao Dean, Professor of English at the University of Victoria, the canoe can be a symbol of colonialism, imperialism and genocide due to history. She also accused the canoers of cultural appropriation because they are primarily white men and have a privileged place in society. 
In a radio interview for CBC Radio , which wasn’t picked up by the Internet until several months later, she claimed “we have a whole set of narratives that make the canoe into a kind of morally untouchable symbol, something that seems natural, that seems ordinary, and seems to promote values that we ascribe to.” 
“But I think if you look a little further that narrative obscures or erases another narrative–and that narrative is about, to be blunt, it’s about theft and genocide”, the professor said. 
{snip} 
“It’s not a coincidence that it was white men of a certain age . . . Certainly the majority of wilderness canoers are people who have a very privileged place in society. They’re frequently highly educated people. They’re almost completely white,” she said. 
CBC Radio host Jim Brown then asked a question: “Should we look at the canoe as a non-controversial symbol or should we look at it as a symbol of colonialism?” 
To which the academic replied: “Absolutely a symbol of colonialism. It seems to me that this narrative we tell ourselves about the canoe about how canoeing makes us in touch with nature, how canoeing makes us in some way guiltless of the terrible things that the Canadian government and Canadians in general did to First Nations people.” 
{snip} 
Either way, somebody should break the news to Canada’s woke Prime Minister Justin Trudeau about this. It’s 2016, after all. Thrilled to let you know we’re going to need another seat in our canoe: Sophie is pregnant! #threeisthenewtwo pic.twitter.com/gm76BwAe4p"
"Posted on October 28, 2016 The Chinese Who Saw the Perils of Westernization Sacco Vandal, American Renaissance, October 28, 2016 They cautioned their countrymen 100 years ago. 
Many Wester