rnment, but Yan continued to support monarchy. 
Questioning the West 
The First World War was a shock to reformers who wanted to embrace the West. As the war dragged on, aging reformers such as Yan and Liang became increasingly disillusioned with not only transformative revolution, but Westernization and even the West. Yan wrote that the carnage of the war was a consequence of Western traits: “Such has been the effect on the human race of civilization and science! When I look back on our [Chinese] sacred wisdom and culture, I find that it foresaw this even at that early date. . .” [12] 
Yan explained further: 
As I have grown older and have observed the seven years of republican government in China and the four years of bloody war in Europe–a war such as the world has never known–I have come to feel that [the West’s] progress . . . has lead only to selfishness, slaughter, corruption, and shamelessness. When I look back upon the ways of Confucius and Mencius, I find that they . . . have profoundly benefited the realm. This is not my opinion alone. Many thinking people in the West have gradually come to feel this way. [13] 
Liang wrote that “recently many Western scholars have wanted to import Asian civilization as a corrective to their own,” and, indeed, the latter half of the 20th century saw the importation of philosophical, religious, and cultural curiosities from the East and into the West. In the meantime he stated his goal for China: 
I therefore hope that our dear young people will, first of all, have a sincere purpose of respecting and protecting our civilization; second, that they will apply Western methods to the study of our civilization and discover its true character; third, that they will put our own civilization in order and supplement it with others’ so that it will be transformed and become a new civilization; and fourth, that they will extend this new civilization to the outside world so that it can benefit the whole human race. [14] 
Because of the devastation of the First World War, these two thinkers who had once promoted modernization and Westernization instead advocated a modernization without Westernization (or at least minimal Westernization). They seemed to believe that the course of the West was not sustainable and that the West could be supplanted by China if it modernized in a way that was compatible with its nature and culture. They seem to have realized that social Darwinism was a false promise, and that the forces it unleashed could destroy the West. 
China and the West today 
In the end, China did not follow Japan down the path of Westernization. A burgeoning Chinese nationalism grew up around anti-Japanese sentiment, and this enmity was extended to the West after Japan instead of China was awarded Germany’s Chinese concession at Versailles in 1919. Ultimately, communism on the Soviet model provided the Chinese with an alternative to both Chinese traditionalism and the West. China entered a period of socialist tyranny under Mao Zedong (1893–1976). 
After Mao’s death, China began to abandon Maoism. It is still nominally communist, but since the 1980’s, it has followed the example of Hong Kong and Taiwan and has increasingly returned to the teachings of Confucius and Mencius. Chinese now praise Yan and Liang for their wisdom and prescience. The post-Mao leadership of the People’s Republic of China–beginning with Deng Xiaoping–has espoused views nearly identical to those advocated by Liang over a century ago. [15] Statue of Liang Qichao in Tianjin. 
At the same time, Westerners are now studying the warnings of Yan and Liang about the inherent instability of the West. As Western liberals such as Martin Jacques herald the coming Chinese domination, there may be a generation of European and American scholars who find themselves in a position similar to that of Yan and Liang: struggling to understand why their civilization has fallen behind that of a rival whose inferiority was once taken for granted. 
Thus, while China has found its way back to the middle path, balancing its modernization and Westernization with pragmatism, caution, and Confucianism, the West is disintegrating in a chaos of heterogeneity and decadence. The warnings of Spengler have come true, and Patrick Buchanan forecasts the death of the West. Russia and parts of Eastern Europe are trying to save themselves from liberalism and democracy, but success is not guaranteed. 
Thinkers in the Alt-Right are wrestling with the question of how to save our own white civilization. The old order is collapsing due to challenges from abroad and the immigrant invasion. Non-whites are chopping up the West the way the West once chopped up China. We are Yan Fu and Liang Qichao. We must forge a plan for the preservation of our race. 
“Sacco Vandal is a founding editor of VandalVoid.com and coauthor of The American Militant Nationalist Manifesto .” See Patrick Buchanan, The Death of the West (New York: St. Martin’s Press, 2002); David Goldman, How Civilizations Die (Washington: Regnery Publishing, 2011); Martin Jacques, When China Rules the World (New York: Penguin Press, 2009); Larry Kelley, Lessons From Fallen Civilizations (Austin: Hugo House Publishers, 2012); Mark Steyn, America Alone (Washington: Regnery Publishing, 2009); and Fareed Zakaria, The Post-American World (New York: W. W. Norton & Company, 2008). Patrick Buchanan, Churchill, Hitler, and the Unnecessary War (New York: Random House, 2008), ix-x. Patrick Buchanan, Death of the West (New York: St. Martin’s Press, 2002), 11-12. Patrick Buchanan, Churchill, Hitler, and the Unnecessary War (New York: Random House, 2008), 502. “Modern History Sourcebook: Qianlong: Letter to George III, 1793” Internet History Sourcebooks, accessed March 20, 2014, http://www.fordham.edu/halsall/mod/1793Qianlong.asp . Yan Fu, “On Stength” in vol. 2 of Sources of Chinese Tradition , edited by William Theodore de Bary and Richard Lufrano (New York: Columbia University Press, 2000), 256. Benjamin Schwartz, In Search of Wealth and Power (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 1964), 46. Yan Fu, “On Stength” in vol. 2 of Sources of Chinese Tradition , edited by William Theodore de Bary and Richard Lufrano (New York: Columbia University Press, 2000), 258. Kang Youwei, “The Need for Reforming Institutions” in vol. 2 of Sources of Chinese Tradition , edited by William Theodore de Bary and Richard Lufrano (New York: Columbia University Press, 2000), 270. William Theodore de Bary and Richard Lufrano, ed., Sources of Chinese Tradition , vol. 2 (New York: Columbia University Press, 2000), 288. Liang Qichao, “Renewing the People” in vol. 2 of Sources of Chinese Tradition , edited by William Theodore de Bary and Richard Lufrano (New York: Columbia University Press, 2000), 290. Yan Fu, quoted in In Search of Wealth and Power , Benjamin Schwarz (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 1964), 235. Yan Fu, quoted in In Search of Wealth and Power , Benjamin Schwarz (Cambridge: Harvard University Press, 1964), 235. Liang Qichao, “Travel Impressions from Europe” in vol. 2 of Sources of Chinese Tradition , edited by William Theodore de Bary and Richard Lufrano (New York: Columbia University Press, 2000), 378-379. See Max Ko-wu Huang, The Meaning of Freedom (Hong Kong: The Chinese University Press, 2008), Chapter 1; and Orville Schell, Discos and Democracy: China in the Throes of Reform (New York: Panteon Books, 1988), chapter “Liang Qichao: China’s First Democrat.”"
"War With the Comanche Duncan Hengest, American Renaissance, July 2010 
Fort Sill, north of Lawton, Oklahoma, is home to the Army’s Field Artillery School as well as many field artillery brigades. Over the decades, thousands of Americans have learned how to crew cannon there, and I am one of them. A posting to Fort Sill allowed me to explore what remains of the Wild West when I was off duty. I’d always been a fan of Westerns and of the real history of America’s pioneering conquest of the continent, and the Lawton area was and is the center of Comanche territory. 
During the early days of the Texas Republic, the Comanche were the world’s best light cavalry. In fact, they were such fantastic fighters that the Spanish never even tried to subdue them, and the Comanche halted the expansion of settlements into the panhandle and northern Texas for nearly 50 years. Yet the Comanche today are a pitiful group, the defeated remnants of a terrible racial conflict. 
Everywhere you go in Lawton, you see obese Indians. In Oklahoma each tribe has its own license plates, so you can tell a person’s tribe by watching him get into his car. (I tried to get a license plate that said “Comanche” but the DMV would not give me one.) Sometimes it seems as though all the Comanche are unhealthy; the white man’s diet does not seem suited to a people adapted to living on game from the North American prairie. When the Comanche get sick they go to the Public Health Service Indian Hospital at the eastern end of Lawton. If you drive by you are likely to see ancient Indians — poor and disheveled — holding out their thumbs for a ride. Their hands tremble. 
It seems that the Comanche are as badly adapted to the white man’s economy as to his diet. I once watched a heavy Comanche woman slowly pushing pennies towards a white cashier. She carefully slid each coin across the counter as though it was very difficult to part with. 
The Comanche’s misery is the result of their absolute defeat during a fierce conflict with whites in the 19th Century. The Comanche War, as that conflict has come to be known, was lengthy and cruel. This terrible war that cursed both the Indians and the Americans was largely inherent in their circumstances; different races and cultures, especially aggressive ones, should not try to share the same territory. 
Always against us 
The name Comanche is a Spanish corruption of the Ute word Kohmahts , meaning enemy, stranger, or those who are always against us. Like many tribes, the Comanche called themselves simply “the people,” or Numunuh in their own language. They are an offshoot of the Shoshone, who hail from the 