 1864, Methodist minister and volunteer army officer John Chivington, a fervent abolitionist, led a force of mostly settler militia against a group of Cheyenne after a series of murderous raids. His militia massacred Indians without compunction but his force also included a few regulars from the East who were appalled by the killing and raised a stink. Chivington also made a bad mistake: He attacked a peaceful band of Indians, not the hostile Dog Soldiers, an out-of-control offshoot of the Cheyenne, who were actually doing the raiding. 
Also in 1864 an Army unit under Kit Carson fought the Comanche at the Battle of Adobe Walls, in Hutchinson County, Texas. The Indians surrounded the force but were held off with two mountain howitzers. The cannon were decisive. Carson’s men were outnumbered nearly ten to one, but killed nearly 100 Indians for a loss of six whites. 
Texans therefore eventually got help from people who knew Indians first hand. Help arrived, ironically, in the form of William T. Sherman, who never had much faith in Grant’s Indian policy. In 1871 he toured Texas to inspect damage from Comanche raids, and had a near encounter with Indians that had an effect on policy. A group of braves led by Set-tainte, Set-tank, and Big Tree attacked a wagon convoy of Army supplies that passed just minutes behind Sherman’s lightly guarded inspection tour. The dozen men on the convoy fought back, but seven were killed, scalped, and mutilated. One man died after being tied upside down to a wagon wheel with a fire set under his head. 
Sherman was shaken by this close call, and sent out the cavalry under Colonel Ranald S. Mackenzie to investigate. With information from Agent Tatum, Mackenzie cornered the three ringleaders. Set-tank died resisting arrest, but the other two were sent back to Texas for trial. 
Set-tainte and Big Tree were sentenced to death, but not executed. The trial became a circus, with the two Indians at the center of a political struggle they must have found bewildering. As T.R Fehrenbach explains, “There was much popular sentiment in the East against hanging the aborigines; more important, the Indian Bureau and Department of the Interior strongly resented the army’s interference in Indian affairs.” President Grant wired the Reconstruction governor Edmond J. Davis and asked him to commute the sentences to life in prison. Davis did so. Eventually the two were released after serving less than a year. Texans were outraged. Even Quaker Tatum, who by this time was thoroughly disillusioned with the peace policy, was indignant. 
Although President Grant had pushed for a pardon, he reconsidered the peace policy and quietly let Colonel Mackenzie take the field. Mackenzie brought along Gatling guns, which gave his men a real edge over larger forces. (Rapid-fire weapons were rarely used against mass charges of Indians — they were too smart to try that — but having them meant Mackenzie’s men rarely had to face such charges. Things might have turned out differently for Custer if he had taken Gatling guns.) 
Mackenzie drove ruthlessly into Comanche territory. He was a hard man, who pursued Indians wherever they fled — even into Mexico — and his men certainly killed women and children. One of his harshest tactics was to capture any Indians he could — women, children, elders — and hold them hostage. This meant Comanche war parties were forced to move with their entire villages, lest their families wind up in prison camp or dead from a trigger-happy trooper. The Comanche had even more to fear from the militia. Local men who may have known people killed in raids were invariably more vengeful than professional soldiers. 
This policy of interning non-combatant Indians was part of one of the last full-scale campaigns against the Comanche, starting in August 1874, when Mackenzie pursued a force led by Chief Quanah Parker into the Llano Estacado of the Southern Plains. In late September, Mackenzie’s men captured a New Mexican Comanchero trader and made him talk by stretching him over a wagon wheel. He revealed the location of a large Comanche village in a canyon. Mackenzie’s men rode all night and stormed the canyon, capturing the horses, food stores, and teepees. The braves, always excellent fighters, held off the army until the women and children climbed out of the canyon, but Mackenzie burned their supplies and killed their horses. Over the next several days, he pursued and defeated the hungry, foot-bound Comanche. Many braves surrendered and returned to the reservation. 
These tactics greatly reduced the Indian menace by the end of 1875, but the Comanche faced yet another threat. The expanding railroads brought whites armed with new buffalo guns onto the prairie to hunt the buffalo for their skins. The result was a slaughter that nearly wiped out the great herds on which the Comanche had depended for generations. The hunters themselves were dangerous; one group defeated a larger force of Comanche with their excellent rifles in 1874, at the Second Battle of Adobe Walls. Constantly pursued by the Army, starving for want of game, by 1879 the Comanche were a beaten people and never again threatened Texas. From a possible high of 30,000 at the start of the 19th century, the Comanche were reduced to roughly 1,500 by 1878. A once-proud people finally submitted permanently to the reservation. 
The Comanche War is now history, its many tales preserved in movies and books. No Texan now living ever feared a Comanche moon. Today, tribal conflict takes different forms, and it is incursions from the South that are pushing back the white frontier. Clashes are not so sharp as those in the 19th century, but the outcome is no different. The destiny of Texas is being decided through immigration and demographics rather than armed conflict, but the questions remain the same: who will populate and who will rule? Earlier Americans understood what was at stake; today’s Americans have been numbed into acquiescence."
"Video Archive Latest Tweets 
RT @whyvert : The three stages of HBD denial: Can't be true! Let us hope it is not true! Let us pray that it will not become generally known! – Saturday, Oct 29 @ 3:50pm 
RT @jartaylor : ""Media Self-Destruct over Trump,"" by @jartaylor . The media lose all credibility when they can't control themselves. https://… – Friday, Oct 28 @ 11:37pm"
"Posted on October 31, 2016 “Birth of a Nation” Bombs Chris Roberts, American Renaissance, October 29, 2016 Are whites fed up with white-guilt films? 
The results are in: The new Birth of a Nation is a box-office disaster. Its ticket sales are going to fall several millions of dollars short of the cost to make and market the film–maybe as much as ten million dollars short . This is excellent news for white America. Birth of Nation glorifies black-on-white violence at a time when black-on-white violence is on the rise , and the anti-white vitriol from groups like Black Lives Matter has never been more mainstream . 
The financial failure of Birth of a Nation is even better news when you consider the success of other recent films that cultivate white guilt and glorify black violence. In 2012, Django Unchained , another story of a black slave killing white southerners, made well over 150 percent of its production costs. In 2013, Twelve Years a Slave nearly tripled its production costs, and The Butler , the story of a sad black servant in the White House, did even better. 
Have American moviegoers lost interest in movies that tell them to feel guilty about their history? If so, the reason must surely be the rising disgust among whites at always being cast as the villains of history, and I suspect Donald Trump has had something to do with this. Win or lose, Mr. Trump has sparked a sense of pride in whites, and that affects many things, including movie-going habits. 
Think back to 2012 and 2013, when anti-white films were box office bonanzas. That 24-month period may well have been the lowest point for whites in American history. Politically, the implicitly white Tea Party movement disintegrated, and Mitt Romney lost to Barack Obama despite winning as much of the white vote as Ronald Reagan had decades earlier. Meanwhile, the number of journalists and commentators being purged for “racism” was higher than ever: John Derbyshire, Jason Richwine, Robert Weissberg, Jack Hunter, Frank Borzellieri, Pat Buchanan, Leif Parsell, Peter Brimelow, Paul Gottfried, and Thomas Bertonneau all lost jobs. 
The white world outside of politics was not looking good either. The catastrophic waste of our wars in the Middle East had become obvious to anyone. Perhaps not by coincidence, the heroin epidemic in New England was starting and the white suicide rate was rising. The university system was becoming more and more aggressive with its theories of “white privilege,” microaggressions, and gender fluidity–and there seemed to be no one fighting back. The longstanding trends of black dominance in music and sports continued, and America seemed on its way to becoming this hemisphere’s South Africa . 
In such a world, why not laugh along with black actor Jamie Foxx when he joked about enjoying killing all the white people in Django Unchained ? When the theory of “white privilege” is all but doctrine, blockbusters naturally vilify whites. 
People often make their conditions worse. Frustrated young men often compound their problems by watching pornography. Frustrated jobless people often compound their problems by drinking too much. A few years ago, white America only hastened its cultural and political dispossession by going to the theater and watching The Butler . 
Things are different now. The George Zimmerman trial, the Michael Brown shooting, and Black Lives Matter have helped many whites shed their last feelings of guilt. At the same time, Donald Trump has arrived almost like a modern version of the “ redeemers ” who helped end Reconstruction in the South. All this helps whites give “ black grievance porn ” the cold shoulder. 
In any case, blacks and whites have always watched different movies. From about 1915 until the early 1950s, the “ race film 