Äù industry produced no fewer than 500 movies that touted an ‚Äúall black cast,‚Äù or an ‚Äúall-star Negro cast.‚Äù Oscar Micheaux was a major black producer in his day, but the only whites who know about him now are dorky cinephiles. Blacks didn‚Äôt want to watch Clark Gable or Joan Crawford, and when they went to a ‚Äúrace film‚Äù they could sit anywhere they liked in the theater. The original (and excellent) Birth of a Nation , about the Civil War and southern resistance to Reconstruction, was boycotted by the NAACP , but a boycott by blacks was mostly symbolic. In the 1970s, blacks gorged themselves on ‚Äú blaxploitation ‚Äù films, while whites occasionally watched one out of curiosity. 
Today, playwright and film-maker Tyler Perry is overwhelmingly popular with blacks‚Äìhe made $130 million in 2011, making him the highest paid man in entertainment that year‚Äìbut many whites have never even heard of him. Who honestly thinks there are many blacks who watch contemporary white films such as Interstellar or The Lord of the Rings or Gravity ? 
Only in recent and unfortunate times have large numbers of whites watched movies made by black film makers like Spike Lee who are openly contemptuous of whites. Let us hope this has finally come to an end."
"American Renaissance, October 31, 2016 Share This ‚ÄúBirth of a Nation‚Äù Bombs We welcome comments that add information or perspective, and we encourage polite debate. If you log in with a social media account, your comment should appear immediately. If you prefer to remain anonymous, you may comment as a guest, using a name and an e-mail address of convenience. Your comment will be moderated. Commentary"
"Scott McConnell, The American Conservative, October 31, 2016 
[Editor‚Äôs Note: This article is worth reading in its entirety. A redacted version is below.] 
Twenty-one years ago I was assigned by Commentary to write about Jared Taylor‚Äìtoday known as one of the eminences of the ‚Äúalt-right.‚Äù Taylor had written a grim book on American race relations, Paved With Good Intentions , which had been published by a mainstream house and was widely, if critically, reviewed. Though unusually skeptical about the prospect of blacks and whites living together harmoniously in the United States, it stopped well short of any systematically racist argument. The book had several fans among New Yorkers I knew prominent in journalism and city politics. 
When I referred to it in passing in a New York Post column, we quickly received a fax from Abe Foxman of the Anti-Defamation League stating that Taylor was far more extremist than I had let on. Curious to explore further, I queried Commentary ‚Äìwhere I then did most of my non-newspaper writing‚Äìand they were interested. 
I interviewed Taylor, read back issues of his monthly newsletter, American Renaissance ( AR ), and drafted a piece. AR was devoted primarily to demonstrating that in American history racism was as accepted as apple pie and that this was by no means a bad thing. It contained large doses of the evolutionary and biological racial thought fairly commonplace amongst American elites in the ‚Äô20s and ‚Äô30s. A central contention was that the United States could not thrive as an increasingly multiracial and multicultural country and that American whites were facing a kind of cultural dispossession. 
I summarized this, quoting liberally, and concluded that the endgame vision of the AR crowd was potentially horrific, leading to national dissolution or civil war, while adding that continued mass immigration really would put the common culture of America under grave stress. If immigration rates went down, Taylor and AR would remain fringe players. If they rose, white racial anxieties would bubble to the surface, and Taylor might one day have his moment. 
The piece was never published: Neal Kozodoy, Commentary ‚Äôs editor, told me I had indulged Taylor too much and asked for a shorter, tighter rewrite. By then my brief summer vacation had ended, other tasks intervened, and I eventually lost interest. 
Jared Taylor‚Äôs moment has not arrived, but clearly he has edged into the national conversation. He has been pictured and quoted in an anti-Trump attack ad produced by Hillary Clinton‚Äôs campaign, he has been a guest on Diane Rehm‚Äôs show on NPR, and his core ideas have been broadcast‚Äìand excoriated‚Äìin magazines and websites great and small. He is now touted as one of the intellectual leaders of the alt-right, a diffuse movement of uncertain significance, but one deemed sufficiently important by the Clinton campaign for Hillary to devote a large portion of an August campaign speech to it. Donald Trump‚Äìwho has almost surely never read a single article by an alt-right figure‚Äìis claimed by Clinton and other liberals to be under its influence and propagating its doctrines. 
The truth is quite different: parts of the alt-right have raised their own visibility by attaching themselves to Trump. At the same time, Trump and his unanticipated success in winning the Republican nomination are symptoms of the same political and civilizational crisis that makes alt-rightish themes‚Äìat least in a more or less bowdlerized and soft-core form‚Äìcompelling to a growing number of people. 
‚ô¶‚ô¶‚ô¶ 
Taylor, 65, is old by alt-right standards, and is an atypical representative, though just how much so is difficult to discern, for much of the alt-right is anonymous. The movement fields no candidates, publishes few books or pamphlets. It is a creature of the web, strongest on Twitter. Pepe, an internet cartoon frog, is an alt-right character‚Äìand has actually been formally denounced by the Clinton campaign. Alt-right internet trolling, sometimes ugly, blatantly racist and anti-Semitic, is also part of the movement. There is some debate whether it should be taken as an offensive and unfunny joke‚Äìmerry keyboard pranksters who enjoy pretending to be internet neo-Nazis, rather like punk rock bands of the late ‚Äô70s deploying Nazi imagery for shock effect‚Äìor is something more sinister, a genuine resurgence of hardcore racism and anti-Semitism. Likely it‚Äôs more the former, but it‚Äôs also likely that the alt-right banner has given the minute number of genuine neo-Nazis in the country a kind of protective shield. 
Richard Spencer may serve as a bridge between older white nationalists such as Taylor and a younger alt-right internet crowd. It‚Äôs mistaken to call him or anyone else a leader‚Äìthe movement has no procedure for choosing leaders‚Äìbut he is clearly a pole of influence. He‚Äôs an intellectual entrepreneur who arrived in DC roughly ten years ago from a Duke graduate program. He worked at TAC for seven or eight months, where he was kind of a square peg in a round hole. Sometime thereafter his ideology began to crystallize. He started a website called AlternativeRight.com and later revitalized a white-nationalist think tank, the National Policy Institute, and launched a journal, Radix . 
Spencer can be engaging and amusing, but his core doctrine is likely to remain, barring some sort of Mad Max-type Armageddon, well outside what most Americans would consider plausible or desirable. 
What is the doctrine? At a recent press conference in DC, Spencer explained that the core of alt-right thought is race. Race is real, race matters, race is foundational to human identity. You cannot understand who you are without race. Many people would agree‚Äìat least privately or partially‚Äìwith the first two assertions, but the third is the critical one, and has never been true historically or sociologically. (Not that there haven‚Äôt been groups of self-proclaimed pan-Asian or pan-African intellectuals who sought to make it true. Spencer fits into their tradition.) In any case, Spencer hopes somehow to spur whites into a kind of pan-white racial consciousness and galvanize them to become ‚Äúaware of who we are,‚Äù and to prepare themselves, one day somehow, to form a white ethnostate. He refers to Theodore Herzl‚Äôs propagation of Zionism as a model for how such an ethnostate, seemingly a distant dream, could be eventually achieved. He fails to add that it took a Holocaust to make a Jewish State a reality. 
{snip} 
Prior to last fall, and before Hillary introduced the alt-right to a national audience, Spencer and Taylor held periodic conferences that could gather perhaps 200 people. (These were often held under shameful harassment by the leftist anti-First Amendment crowd, but that‚Äôs a different issue.) Spencer says he sees the alt-right as a vehicle that will influence politicians and intellectuals, taking as its model neoconservatism. {snip} 
{snip} 
What spurred this sudden emergence? It was not white-nationalist conferences or doctrine, which had been around forever, but events. Last year the West received a nasty high-voltage shock of political reality. The first jolt was the Charlie Hebdo attack in January. France had experienced jihadist murders before, but this time, the strike came in the center of Paris, and France was alarmed to find no small amount of support for the killing among its five million Muslim residents, many of them second- and third-generation citizens. 
That spring and summer, European newspapers began to fill with reports of intensifying migrant and refugee flows, driven partially by the Syrian civil war and partially by the expansion and streamlining of people-smuggling routes from Africa. {snip} 
By 2016 the welcome had grown cold. Hundreds of migrants sexually assaulted German women in and around the central train station of Cologne on New Year‚Äôs Eve, a mass assault that German authorities initially tried to cover up. {snip} 
If the sexual assaults could be seen as the cultural edge of the migrant surge, it was more difficult for even liberal ‚Äúanti-racist‚Äù European leaders to ignore or explain away the terrorism aspect. The Charlie Hebdo attack was followed by the mass slaughters at the Bataclan theater in Paris, at the Brussels Airport, then on a seaside promenade in Nice, culminating in the execution by knife of an aging French priest by two ‚Äúassimilated‚Äù Muslim migrants in his church outside of Rouen. {snip} 
{snip} Richard Sp