encer may be incorrect about America, but one remark from his press conference in DC last month was arresting: 
The refugee crisis in Europe is something like a world war. It is in many ways a race war. In terms of direct violence it does not resemble World War I or II. It is a demographic struggle, a struggle for identity, a struggle of who is going to define the continent, period. It is a new kind of war, a postmodern war, a war through immigration. There are no trenches, no guns. But it is a world war. 
Of course, it is not primarily a race war. Religion, or religious culture, plays a major and perhaps decisive role in the conflict, and conflict between Christendom and Islam is not new by any means. Still, there is something in the bluntness of Spencer’s depiction that rings more true than 90 percent of what appears in the American media, which invariably depicts the refugee crisis in humanitarian terms and terrorism as a barely related law-enforcement issue. It is surely not a coincidence that the alt-right began making strides into American consciousness precisely at the moment Muslims were surging into Europe as refugees, while others were blowing up Parisian rock concerts or mounting mass sexual assaults on European women. 
{snip} 
Whatever one might say about the alt-right, it is not perplexed. Few other political factions in America had a vocabulary ready for–or even made an effort to interpret seriously–what was going on in Europe, at a time when many people were seeking one. 
{snip} 
American developments in the fall of last year, while less critical than those in Europe, also spurred the alt-right. The rise of Black Lives Matter put into question one of the outstanding domestic-policy advances of the past generation, the dramatic reduction in urban crime rates, which has made possible the revitalization of many cities. The lie which held that America’s police forces were chock full of marauding racist murderers suddenly became mainstream, repeated endlessly on television and pushed in only slightly more subtle fashion by Obama’s own attorney general. Meanwhile, some urban neighborhoods were looted by rioters, and others saw dramatic spikes in their murder rates. 
{snip} 
It was predictable that such developments, touching on visceral areas of personal security, national sovereignty, and freedom of expression, would stir desire for a muscular response. Donald Trump filled the bill, if not always eloquently. So too, occasionally, did segments of the more established conservative media. But there was a market for a pushback as scathing and polemically unafraid as the left’s own polemicists, which might not have been the case four years earlier. This, as much as anything, accounts for the emergence of the alt-right, at least in its less ideologically extreme iterations. 
{snip} 
And though [Samuel] Huntington was a famous and deeply respected Harvard political scientist and a life-long Democrat, the concerns of Clash are those raised implicitly by Trump and explicitly by what I call the soft-core elements of the alt-right. There is, of course, much racism in American history, and there are enormous crimes for which Europe continues to strive to atone. But neither anti-racism nor respect for other cultures should be turned into a national or civilizational suicide pact. Here what Irving Kristol famously wrote about Sen. Joseph McCarthy comes to mind: “There is one thing that the American people know about Senator McCarthy: he like them is unequivocally anti-Communist. About the spokesmen for American liberalism, they feel they know no such thing.” 
In the now global faceoff between Western civilization versus mass immigration fused with multiculturalism, Kristol’s words describe with uncanny accuracy the dichotomy between Donald Trump and his supporters on one hand and those most feverishly denouncing him on the other. Among the former, for all their faults, are those who want, unequivocally, Western civilization to survive. About the latter, no such thing is certain."
"Hate Rising with Jorge Ramos Fusion, October 28, 2016 
From the Ku Klux Klan to the so called alt-right movement, white supremacist groups are growing in numbers and influence. In “Hate Rising,” Jorge Ramos shows us how their ideas, usually confined to private and secretive gatherings, are becoming mainstream thanks in part to the rhetoric on the campaign trail this election cycle. [Editor’s Note: An extended version of the interview with Jared Taylor is available here .]"
"Ben Cohen, American Thinker, October 31, 2016 
In his “An open letter to cuckservatives”, Jared Taylor wrote, 
Why do you evoke Martin Luther King when you call for a “colorblind” America? You know he wanted quotas for blacks. You evoke King because you think he’ll help you silence blacks and liberals. But it doesn’t work, does it? That’s because only whites–and Asians, when it suits them–even think in terms of “colorblindness.” Blacks and Hispanics will squeeze every unfair advantage out of you they can. At what point will they ever abandon their aggressive racial agenda? When they’re the majority just think how hard they’ll squeeze your grandchildren. 
Advocates of white identity politics have two basic arguments at their disposal. The first argument could be called the racial preservationist argument, and the second could be called the collective interest argument. 
The first argument holds that national character reflects the genetics of the national population, therefore miscegenation and non-white immigration will radically alter the national character. As Jared Taylor put it, the future “Afro-Hispanic-Caribbean-Asiatic America” will be totally unrecognizable to the founding fathers, and completely alien from the America we grew up in. 
Whatever relationship exists between national genetics and national culture, the preservationist argument has largely failed to persuade white Americans. In 1958 only 4 percent of Americans approved of white-black marriage, by 2013 87% of Americans approved of white-black marriage. For millennials, the numbers are even higher. 
But what about revealed preferences? For decades, white Americans have migrated from more homogeneous northern states to more diverse sunbelt states. In 2010, 9.4% of non-Hispanic white newlyweds married either a Hispanic person or a non-white person. 
Undoubtedly, passionate opponents of interracial marriage still exist–not all of them white–but their arguments haven’t persuaded many people. Any argument for white nationalism or white identity politics centered on the need for racial purity is pretty much dead on arrival, because most white people don’t care about racial purity. 
With appeals to racial purity out of fashion, racialists are left with appeals to collective interest. At the Alt-right press conference, Jared Taylor warned white people that their children wouldn’t simply be a minority, but “the way things are going, a hated minority.” 
This quote sticks out. Within our prison system, violent race riots have claimed the lives of many inmates. Prisoners largely segregate themselves by race, and enforce a fairly rigid system of racial separation. Based on past experience, race appears to be a particularly violent and nasty fault line. 
Even people who aren’t racist will band together along racial lines, if they perceive themselves to be under threat. Most liberals find the idea of white people being persecuted ridiculous, and at the present moment it is. 
But the possibility of anti-white discrimination isn’t as remote as many liberals would like to think. As J. Christian Adams documented, the Obama administration refused to prosecute minorities who engaged in voter intimidation. According to Adams they didn’t simply drop charges against the NBPP members caught brandishing a club at voters in Philadelphia, they actually instructed the voting rights division not to prosecute any non-white person for voter intimidation. 
If a white president refused to prosecute racist white thugs for intimidating black voters, black people would be rightfully alarmed. There is no reason to expect whites to react differently. 
At this point, liberal readers will be saying to themselves, “blacks are twelve percent of the population, what do we have to worry about?” 
Except, when America becomes a majority minority nation, future presidents will no longer have to depend on white votes to get elected. Future leaders could build a coalition of black and Hispanic voters, held together by shared interests. 
If this is starting to make sense to liberal readers, keep reading, it gets worse. Non-white immigrants benefit from a host of affirmative action and “diversity” programs. In other words, immigration increases the political clout of affirmative action beneficiaries. Why exactly should white people welcome immigrants who will be favored over them? 
Especially galling is the fact that many affirmative action beneficiaries are neither poor nor disadvantaged. What are poor whites in West Virginia supposed to think about millionaire Cuban immigrants being favored over them? 
This author supports moderate immigration restriction of the type advocated by the likes of Jorge Borges or Mark Krikorian; however, he does not want white Americans to hate or fear non-white immigrants. Liberals, on the other hand, seem intent on pursuing policies almost guaranteed to revive white racism. 
This article began with a quote from Jared Taylor’s letter to cuckservatives. He should add liberals to his mailing list. Liberals supplied Jared with his most persuasive argument; they deserve a thank you note and a gift card."
"Professor Who Tweeted Against PC Culture Is Out at NYU Melkorka Licea, New York Post, October 30, 2016 
An NYU professor crusading against political correctness and student coddling was booted from the classroom last week after his colleagues complained about his “incivility,” The Post has learned. 
Liberal studies prof Michael Rectenwald, 57, said he was forced Wednesday to go on paid leave for the rest of the semester. 
{snip} 
Rectenwald launched an undercover