 Twitter account called Deplorable NYU Prof on Sept. 12 to argue against campus trends like “safe spaces,” “trigger warnings” policing Halloween costumes and other aspects of academia’s growing PC culture. 
He chose to be anonymous, he explained in one of his first tweets, because he was afraid “the PC Gestapo would ruin me” if he put his name ­behind his conservative ideas on the famously liberal campus. 
{snip} 
But the Twitter feed soon sparked a “witch hunt” by the growing army of “social justice warriors,” he said. 
In an interview published Monday in the Washington Square News, NYU’s Independent Student Newspaper, the eight-year instructor admitted he was the Deplorable NYU Prof. 
“My contention is that trigger warning, safe spaces and bias hot-line reporting is not politically correct. It is insane,” he told the student paper. “The crazier and crazier that this left gets . . . the more the alt-right is going to be laughing their asses off [and] getting more pissed.”, he was quoted as saying. 
{snip} 
But Rectenwald says he began getting “dirty looks” in his department and on Wednesday figured out why: A 12-person committee calling itself the Liberal Studies Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Working Group, including two deans, published a letter to the editor in the same paper. 
“As long as he airs his views with so little appeal to evidence and civility, we must find him guilty of illogic and incivility in a community that predicates its work in great part on rational thought and the civil exchange of ideas,” they wrote of the untenured assistant professor. 
“We seek to create a dynamic community that values full participation. Such efforts are not the ‘destruction of academic integrity’ Professor Rectenwald suggests, but rather what make possible our program’s approach to global studies,” they argued. Rectenwald likened the attack to “a Salem witch trial. They took my views personally. I never even mentioned them and I never even said NYU liberal studies program. I was talking about academia at large,” said the professor, a popular instructor who was graded 4.4 out of 5 on ratemyprofessors.com . 
The same day the letter was published, Rectenwald was summoned to a meeting with his department dean and an HR representative, he says. 
“They claimed they were worried about me and a couple people had expressed concern about my mental health. They suggested my voicing these opinions was a cry for help,” Rectenwald told The Post. “Then they said I should leave and get help.” 
{snip} 
Students told him that professors openly discussed with students how he may be fired. 
The leave has “absolutely zero to do with his Twitter account or his opinions on issues of the day,” said NYU spokesman Matt Nagel. 
But Rectenwald is disheartened. 
“I’m afraid my academic career is over,” he said Rectenwald. “Academic freedom: It’s great, as long as you don’t use it.”"
"Kyle Bristow, Foundation for the Marketplace of Ideas, October 30, 2016 
{snip} As a veteran of trolling leftists for an entire decade (the SPLC whines I have “been playing * * * [this] same kind of game for many years” and that I am “one of the Alt-Right’s most vicious attack dogs” ; the student newspaper of Michigan State University noted in 2006 that my group planned to “have more events such as chalking * * * [and] poster-hanging[s]” ; Michigan State University’s President Lou Anna Simon releases a statement in 2007 which pertinently states “In recent weeks, there have been incidents on campus that once again compel us to look at the issues of free speech and how we as a campus community engage with one another in ways that respect the views of multiple groups and individuals. * * * There are individuals who speak at campus events whose rhetoric and ideas I find reprehensible[.]” ), I have personal experience with postering campaigns, and as an attorney, I know exactly where the line is that cannot be crossed. Here are suggestions to Alt-Right activists who are interested in hanging up posters: Do not get caught. Targets for postering should be explored in advance of distribution so as to make sure that there are no security cameras in the vicinity. (Do not wear similar clothing when the venue is explored as is worn at the time of the postering in case cameras are present.) Use teams of at least three–one person hangs up posters and two people watch for interlopers. The best time to poster is between 10:00 p.m. and midnight—any earlier, and one is likely to run into Normies, and any later, one will attract unwanted attention. Tape is best to use for postering and the tape should be used along all four edges of the posters so as to prevent them from being ripped down; tacks can easily be removed to take down posters and glue should not be used because glue is too messy and time-consuming. Hanging up posters in university buildings that contain only classrooms at night is better than dormitories because one is less likely to run into people who may tear down the posters. Only hang up posters at public–not private–universities and on public bulletin boards. Public universities must comply with the U.S. Constitution–and the First and Fourteenth Amendments prohibit government actors from discriminating against viewpoint or the content of speech. Only hang up posters on public bulletin boards since an argument can be made if one is caught that this is either a public forum or limited public forum . If one hangs up a poster on a wall of a building or on a non-public bulletin board, diversity-mongers who are offended by the posters may allege that criminal vandalism or criminal trespass occurred. Do not voluntarily disclose information if caught. If someone who is not a police officer demands one’s identification, one is under no obligation to provide it. If a police officer demands one’s identification, only the identifiers on a driver’s license and identifiers that are not incriminating should be provided (name, address, phone number, birth date, etc). One should not say anything else to the police other than “I respectfully invoke my right to remain silent, I respectfully invoke my right to have an attorney present, and am I being detained?” Such language invokes rights that are outside the scope of this brief article, but anyone who has ever watched an episode of Cops would know that statements made by a criminal suspect can be used against that person in court and lying to the police during an investigation is a crime in and of itself. If one’s state is a one-party consent state for recording purposes , one should secretly record any and all interactions with law enforcement. One should immediately consult with a licensed attorney in their state who is experienced with criminal defense or civil litigation if police become involved due to one hanging up posters. Do not publish posters that target individual people. This could result in harassment-related criminal charges, a civil lawsuit, or a personal protection order being pursued by the victim. Posters that are merely generically inflammatory but which do not direct the viewers to “imminent lawless action” are constitutionally permissible. Brandenburg v. Ohio , 395 U.S. 444 (1969) . 
Now go out and cause Acute Triggering Syndrome."
"Airbnb, October 29, 2016 
Hi, 
Earlier this year, we launched a comprehensive effort to fight bias and discrimination in the Airbnb community. As a result of this effort, we’re asking everyone to agree to a Community Commitment beginning November 1, 2016. Agreeing to this commitment will affect your use of Airbnb, so we wanted to give you a heads up about it. 
What is the Community Commitment? 
You commit to treat everyone–regardless of race, religion, national origin, ethnicity, disability, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation or age–with respect, and without judgment or bias. 
How do I accept the commitment? 
On or after November 1, we’ll show you the commitment when you log in to or open the Airbnb website, mobile or tablet app and we’ll automatically ask you to accept. 
What if I decline the commitment? 
If you decline the commitment, you won’t be able to host or book using Airbnb, and you have the option to cancel your account. Once your account is canceled, future booked trips will be canceled. You will still be able to browse Airbnb but you won’t be able to book any reservations or host any guests. 
What if I have feedback about the commitment? 
We welcome your feedback about the Community Commitment and all of our nondiscrimination efforts. Feel free to read more about the commitment. You can also reach out to us at [email protected] 
The Airbnb Team"
"Agents Accuse Feds of Covering Up Record Border Detainee Numbers for 2016 Election Brandon Darby, Breitbart, October 30, 2016 
A record number of illegal aliens have crossed the U.S.- Mexico border and are in U.S. Border Patrol custody in Texas’ Rio Grande Valley Sector (RGV), according to the National Border Patrol Council (NBPC). Border Patrol Agent and NBPC President Brandon Judd spoke exclusively with Breitbart Texas and condemned the leadership of the Border Patrol’s parent agency, Customs and Border Protection (CBP), for allegedly “keeping this information secret” ahead of the 2016 U.S. presidential election. 
“We are at breaking point. We have the highest number of illegal aliens in custody in history in Border Patrol’s RGV Sector and this information has been kept from the American public,” said Agent Judd. “The talk of amnesty has once again created pull factors and encouraged people from all over the world to cross Mexico and then cross our porous southern border to illegally enter the U.S. We are simply overwhelmed.” {snip} 
Agent Judd told Breitbart Texas that Americans should vote their conscience, but they should do so with all of the information available. “This is an issue of the federal government restricting crucial information from the public ahead of a presidential election and it is unacceptable. Americans deserve to know the truth. Our Border Patrol agents deserve