 for Americans to know what they are really facing. Too many Border Patrol agents have given their lives and left loved ones to grieve for CBP leadership to play these types of political games ahead of such an impactful election.” 
{snip} 
Historically, CBP, Border Patrol’s parent agency, has had to correct false assertions and denials. Perhaps the most glaring example occurred in June 2014 when an official CBP Twitter account directly accused this reporter of publishing a false report, only to later admit the report was accurate and true . 
{snip} 
UPDATE: Breitbart Texas received this response from CBP: 
First, the number in custody in RGV is less than half what is was in June 2014. 
Also, I would refer you to Secretary Johnson’s statement about southwest border security issued October 17. In it, the Secretary addresses the specific issue of unaccompanied children and family units. The statement includes statistics for the full year of fiscal year 2016. 
You can find it on DHS.gov in the press release section of the website."
"Matthew C. Makel et al., Science Direct, October 31, 2016 
Abstract 
Male–female ability differences in the right tail (at or above the 95th percentile) have been widely discussed for their potential role in achievement and occupational differences in adults. The present study provides updated male-female ability ratios from 320,000 7th grade students in the United States in the right tail (top 5%) through the extreme right tail (top 0.01%) from 2011 to 2015 using measures of math, verbal, and science reasoning. Additionally, the present study establishes male-female ability ratios in a sample of over 7000 7th grade students in the right tail from 2011 to 2015 in India. Results indicate that ratios in the extreme right tail of math ability in the U.S. have shrunk in the last 20 years (still favoring males) and remained relatively stable in the verbal domain (still favoring females). Similar patterns of male-female ratios in the extreme right tail were found in the Indian sample."
"Who Paid Hillary Clinton $21.7 Million to Give Speeches? American Renaissance, October 31, 2016 
There are legal limits on the amount of money a corporation can contribute to a political campaign, and the contributions are not tax-deductible. However, if a corporation pays someone to give a speech, there is no legal limit on what the company may pay, and the speaker’s fee is tax-deductible as a business expense. It is a very effective way to put money into the pockets of politician–no doubt with the expectation of future benefits. 
In the last three years, companies have paid Hillary Clinton $21.7 million to give speeches. Here is a list of her 92 speaking engagements, the companies that hired her, and how much she was paid."
"Siobhan McFadyen, Express, October 31, 2016 
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is facing catastrophe over her failed migrant policy, according to a new report. 
During the first six months of 2016, migrants committed 142,500 crimes, according to the Federal Criminal Police Office. 
And the country has been hit by a spate of horrendous violent crime including rapes, sexual and physical assaults, stabbings, home invasions, robberies, burglaries and drug trafficking. 
Adding to the country’s woes is the fact that thousands of people have gone missing after travelling to the country on invitation from the country’s leader. 
Germany took in more than 1.1million migrants in the past year and parts of the country are crippled with a lack of infrastructure. 
Now the true reality is hitting home ahead of next year’s elections as the far right surges in the polls threatening to topple the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) leader Mrs Merkel. 
According to a report by the international policy council the Gatestone Institute, local police in many parts of the country admit that they are stretched to the limit. 
The report states: “The rape of a ten-year-old girl in Leipzig, the largest city in Saxony, has drawn renewed attention to the spiralling levels of violent crime perpetrated by migrants in cities and towns across Germany. 
“During the first six months of 2016, migrants committed 142,500 crimes, according to the Federal Criminal Police Office. This is equivalent to 780 crimes committed by migrants every day, an increase of nearly 40 per cent over 2015. The data includes only those crimes in which a suspect has been caught. 
“Thousands of migrants who entered the country as ‘asylum seekers’ or ‘refugees’ have gone missing. They are, presumably, economic migrants who entered Germany on false pretences. 
“Many are thought to be engaging in robbery and criminal violence.” 
According to Freddi Lohse of the German Police Union in Hamburg, many migrant offenders view the leniency of the German justice system as a green light to continue delinquent behaviour, says the report. 
He said: “They are used to tougher consequences in their home countries. 
“They have no respect for us.” 
Meanwhile a female police officer has admitted that officers are under attack and that the courts are a “joke.” 
In a new book, Tania Kambouri, a German police officer, said: “For weeks, months and years I have noticed that Muslims, mostly young men, do not have even a minimum level of respect for the police. 
“When we are out patrolling the streets, we are verbally abused by young Muslims. 
“There is the body language, and insults like ‘s*** cop’ when passing by. 
“If we make a traffic stop, the aggression increases ever further, this is overwhelmingly the case with migrants. 
“It cannot be that offenders continue to fill the police files, hurt us physically, insult us, whatever, and there are no consequences. 
“Many cases are closed or offenders are released on probation or whatever. 
“Yes, what is happening in the courts today is a joke.” 
Migrants committed 208,344 crimes in 2015, according to a confidential police report leaked to Bild. 
This figure represents an 80 per cent increase since 2014 and is equivalent to 570 crimes committed by migrants every day, or 23 crimes each hour, in 2015 alone. 
The report added: “The growing sense of lawlessness is substantiated by an October 24 YouGov poll which found that 68 per cent of Germans believe that security in the country has deteriorated during the past several years. 
“Nearly 70 per cent of respondents said they fear for their lives and property in German train stations and subways, while 63 per cent feel unsafe at large public events.”"
"Places Most Unsettled by Rapid Demographic Change Are Drawn to Donald Trump Janet Adamy and Paul Overberg, Wall Street Journal, November 1, 2016 
Small towns in the Midwest have diversified more quickly than almost any part of the U.S. since the start of an immigration wave at the beginning of this century. The resulting cultural changes appear to be moving the political needle. 
A Wall Street Journal analysis of census data shows that counties in a distinct cluster of Midwestern states–Iowa, Indiana, Wisconsin, Illinois and Minnesota–saw among the fastest influxes of nonwhite residents of anywhere in the U.S. between 2000 and 2015. Hundreds of cities long dominated by white residents got a burst of Latino newcomers who migrated from Central America or uprooted from California and Texas. 
That shift helps explain the emergence of Republican presidential nominee Donald J. Trump as a political force, and signals that tensions over immigration will likely outlive his candidacy. Among GOP voters in this year’s presidential primaries, counties that diversified rapidly were more likely to vote for the New York businessman, the Journal’s analysis shows. 
{snip} 
The Journal identified the epicenter of this shift using the diversity index, a tool often used by social scientists and economists. It measures the chance that any two people in a county will have a different race or ethnicity. In 244 counties, that diversity index at least doubled between 2000 and 2015, and more than half those counties were in the cluster of five Midwestern states. The analysis excludes tiny counties that produce numeric aberrations. 
{snip} 
Mr. Trump won about 71% of sizable counties nationwide during the Republican presidential primaries. He took 73% of those where diversity at least doubled since 2000, and 80% of those where the diversity index rose at least 150%, the Journal’s analysis found. 
{snip}"
"Early Voting Data Shows African American Turnout Dropping Neil Munro, Breitbart, October 31, 2016 
A blizzard of early reports show that early voting by pro-Democratic African-Americans has dropped significantly compared to 2012, giving a boost to Donald Trump’s prospects in critical swing-states, such as North Carolina and Ohio. 
In North Carolina, early voting by African-Americans is sharply down, so “you will see a very heavy push in this state for the African-American vote by Hilary Clinton to try to make up some of deficit,” said Michael Bitzer, a professor of politics and history at Catawba College, in Salisbury, N.C. 
{snip} 
Nationally, “African-American enthusiasm has dipped compared with that in 2012,” according to the New York Times . That’s “a surprising and disquieting development for Democrats who believed Trump’s racial appeals and flirtations with the birther movement would generate more urgency,” the Times reported . For example, in the two Virginia districts with the largest percentage of African American adults, early voting has dropped by more than 50 percent, the Times said. 
In Ohio, the decline of early voting in heavily Democratic African-American districts is causing worry for Democrats–and a shift of resources into the low-turnout areas. {snip} 
In Florida, “the bad news for Clinton/good news for Trump is that African-Americans and millenials are voting considerably lighter–so far–than four years ago,” the Tampa Bay Times reported Oct. 31. 
Daniel Smith, a political science professor in Florida noted the rising level of early voting among whites and Hispanics, compared to to African-Americans. 
In North Carolina, “white voters are currently 72 percent of a