rica Invented Slavery, Professor Finds Kate Hardiman, College Fix, October 31, 2016 
For 11 years, Professor Duke Pesta gave quizzes to his students at the beginning of the school year to test their knowledge on basic facts about American history and Western culture. 
The most surprising result from his 11-year experiment? Students’ overwhelming belief that slavery began in the United States and was almost exclusively an American phenomenon, he said. 
“Most of my students could not tell me anything meaningful about slavery outside of America,” Pesta told The College Fix . “They are convinced that slavery was an American problem that more or less ended with the Civil War, and they are very fuzzy about the history of slavery prior to the Colonial era. Their entire education about slavery was confined to America.” 
Pesta , currently an associate professor of English at the University of Wisconsin Oshkosh, has taught the gamut of Western literature–from the Classics to the modern–at seven different universities, ranging from large research institutions to small liberal arts colleges to branch campuses. He said he has given the quizzes to students at Purdue University, University of Tennessee Martin, Ursinus College, Oklahoma State University, and University of Wisconsin Oshkosh. 
{snip} 
Before even distributing the syllabus for his courses, Pesta administered his short quizzes with basic questions about American history, economics and Western culture. For instance, the questions asked students to circle which of three historical figures was a president of the United States, or to name three slave-holding countries over the last 2,000 years, or define “capitalism” and “socialism” in one sentence each. 
Often, more students connected Thomas Jefferson to slavery than could identify him as president, according to Pesta. On one quiz, 29 out of 32 students responding knew that Jefferson owned slaves, but only three out of the 32 correctly identified him as president. Interestingly, more students–six of 32–actually believed Ben Franklin had been president. 
{snip} 
What’s more, he began to observe a shift in his students’ quiz responses in the early 2000s. Before that time, Pesta described his students as “often historically ignorant, but not politicized.” Since the early 2000s, Pesta has found that “many students come to college preprogrammed in certain ways.” 
“They cannot tell you many historical facts or relate anything meaningful about historical biographies, but they are, however, stridently vocal about the corrupt nature of the Republic, about the wickedness of the founding fathers, and about the evils of free markets,” Pesta said. “Most alarmingly, they know nothing about the fraught history of Marxist ideology and communist governments over the last century, but often reductively define socialism as ‘fairness.’” 
Pesta also noted that, early on, his students’ “blissful ignorance was accompanied by a basic humility about what they did not know.” But over time he said he increasingly saw “a sense of moral superiority in not knowing anything about our ‘racist and sexist’ history and our ‘biased’ institutions.” 
“As we now see on campus,” Pesta said, “social justice warriors are arguing that even reading the great books of Western culture is at best a micro-aggression, and at worst an insidious form of cultural imperialism and indoctrination.” 
{snip}"
"America Is Better Without Borders Steven Hahn, TIME, November 1, 2016 
“A nation without borders,” Donald Trump has warned us , “is not a nation at all.” Trump was explaining the logic of the multi-billion dollar wall he promises to build along the U.S.-Mexican border, but he was hardly the first to make the case. Years ago, Ronald Reagan said much the same about the threat of illegal immigration, and others urging border vigilance have wrapped themselves in the high-flown rhetoric. Tee-shirts and coffee mugs have turned the idea into a saleable slogan. 
{snip} 
{snip} For much of its early history, the United States had hazy borders in good part because through war, conquest and diplomacy the country was constantly expanding and the shifting boundaries were not clearly marked. There was no agreement about how far west the Louisiana Territory reached or how far south the state of Texas stretched or how far north the Oregon Territory extended. Highly charged political words and brutal conflict followed (like the U.S.-Mexican War), while the imperial eyes of many leaders fell on Cuba, Central America and Hawaii. 
What’s more, the borders that were agreed upon were remarkably porous. Until well into the nineteenth century, immigrants could come and go at will and even participate in electoral politics if they simply declared an intention to become citizens; indeed, for decades it was not at all clear what a citizen of the United States was. The only international migration policed was the African slave trade, which Congress outlawed in 1808 after nearly half a million captives had been forcibly deposited on North American shores. 
{snip} 
It is easy, when politics and ethnocentrism serve, to proclaim the principle of the nation with borders as the nation itself, while the borders are, in fact, regularly traversed by policy makers, investors and moneyed interests pursuing the main chance and wielding the big stick. Trump himself regularly touts, though refuses to reveal, his international dealings, many of which confound his goal of keeping jobs within American borders if they don’t outright violate American laws. 
Truth is that the nation’s prosperity has long rested on the labor and resourcefulness of immigrants–voluntary and involuntary, free and slave–and that those who most loudly denounce a “nation without borders” are likely descendants of immigrants who were themselves harassed for their origins, faith and lifeways at some point in the past. We would do well to recognize that in a global economy such as ours, where the movement of people and goods are the lifeblood of our sustenance, a nation’s security is best maintained not by walling itself off but by lifting the prospects–and thereby creating political allies–of working people around the world."
"Sweden on the Brink? Police Force Pushed to Breaking Point by Violence amid Migrant Influx Lizzie Stromme, Express, November 1, 2016 
Sweden is on the brink of becoming a lawless state as the police force is losing the battle against unprecedented levels of crime and violence amid a growing migrant crisis. 
The Scandinavian country is facing an existential crisis with on average three police officers handing in their resignations a day. 
If the alarming trend continues, and police officers continue to resign more than 1,000 officers will have quit the service by New Years. 
Since the migrant crisis began last summer, Sweden has been hit by a series of brutal crimes and violent incidents . 
In 2015 alone Sweden, with a population of 9.5 million, received over 160,000 asylum applications and the country is expected to take as many as 190,000 refugees, or two per cent of the population, by the end of 2016. 
Since the Second World War Sweden has prided itself on helping migrants who cross their borders despite some moves to the political right in recent years. 
But police have now admitted the force has reached breaching point as more than 50 areas in the country have now been placed on a “no-go zone” list . 
In February a report from Sweden’s National Criminal Investigation Service announced there were 52 areas where officers would not cope with the levels of crime being committed . 
Sex assaults , drug dealing and children carrying weapons were just some of the incidents mentioned in the report. 
In September, Swedish officials were forced to add another three areas to the list. 
Now the Police Association have said they need at least 200 new officers to regain control in the south-east of the country. 
Thomas Stjernfeldt, from the region’s police association, told SVT : “We are missing extremely many officers in the operational sector, right now we need 200 more officers to be added to the force to establish a reasonable working environment in the southeast of Götaland.” 
Götaland is one of the regions in the country that has been hit hard by the car fire attacks, which have been occurring throughout Sweden. 
On Monday, Express.co.uk reported a number of the arsonist attacks in the city of Växjö, in Götaland, had been committed by frustrated migrants . 
Currently there are more than 6,000 suspected crimes that are unsolved in the area and 400 of these cases are suspected to be rapes, murder or attempted murder. 
Mr Stjernfeldt said the figures are alarming and police officers are constantly forced to work overtime in an attempt to solve the reported crimes. 
The Police Association admitted it fears the public will lose faith in the force and their ability to protect citizens if the situation is not resolved. 
The union’s call for more resources echoes National Police Commissioner Dan Eliasson’s February warning, where he said he needed a further 4,100 officers and specialist staff to reestablish law and order in Sweden."
"Turnbull to Propose Law That Bans Boat Asylum Seekers from Australia Permanently News, October 31, 2016 
Federal Labor will look closely at the government’s new tough stance on refugees but says it’s ridiculous that some banned from Australia won’t ever be allowed to visit for business, accusing Malcolm Turnbull of pandering to One Nation. 
The opposition has not entirely ruled out the government’s proposed lifetime ban on asylum seekers who arrive by boat, instead saying it will look at the legislation before coming up with a position. 
Under the plan, all adults sent to offshore immigration centres on Nauru and Papua New Guinea’s Manus Island would be prevented from ever entering Australia, even as tourists or on business, regardless of whether they’re found to be refugees or not. 
The coalition is ramping up its attack on Opposition Leader Bill Shorten for not publicly stating a position