lass white person and you fear that the new, cosmopolitan world will destroy or diminish an identity you cherish, you have no culturally acceptable way to articulate what you perceive as a crisis. 
Some of these people have instead reached for issues that feel close to their concerns: trade, crime, the war on drugs, controlling the borders, fear of Islamist terrorism. All are significant in their own right, and create very real fears for many people, but they have also become a means to have a public conversation about what society’s changes mean for white majorities. 
{snip} 
There will not likely be a return to the whiteness of social dominance and exclusive national identity. Immigration cannot be halted without damaging Western nations’ economies; immigrants who have already arrived cannot be expelled en masse without causing social and moral damage. And the other groups who seem to be “cutting in line” are in fact getting a chance at progress that was long denied them. 
Western whites have a place within their nations’ new, broader national identities. But unless they accept it, the crisis of whiteness seems likely to continue."
"Black Turnout Soft in Early Voting, Boding Ill for Hillary Clinton Jeremy Peters et al., New York Times, November 1, 2016 
African-Americans are failing to vote at the robust levels they did four years ago in several states that could help decide the presidential election, creating a vexing problem for Hillary Clinton as she clings to a deteriorating lead over Donald J. Trump with Election Day just a week away. 
{snip} 
The reasons for the decline appear to be both political and logistical, with lower voter enthusiasm and newly enacted impediments to voting at play. In North Carolina, where a federal appeals court accused Republicans of an “almost surgical” assault on black turnout and Republican-run election boards curtailed early-voting sites, black turnout is down 16 percent . White turnout, however, is up 15 percent. Democrats are planning an aggressive final push, including a visit by President Obama to the state on Wednesday. 
But in Florida, which extended early voting after long lines left some voters waiting for hours in 2012, African-Americans’ share of the electorate that has gone to the polls in person so far has decreased , to 15 percent today from 25 percent four years ago. 
The problems for Democrats do not end there. In Ohio, which also cut back its early voting, voter participation in the heavily Democratic areas near Cleveland, Columbus and Toledo has been down, though the Clinton campaign said it was encouraged by a busy day on Sunday when African-American churches led voter drives across the state. 
{snip} 
The Clinton campaign believes it can close the gap, especially in North Carolina and Florida, by Election Day. And Democrats are seeing substantial gains in turnout for other key constituencies like Hispanics and college-educated women, which have the potential to more than make up for any drop-off in black voting. 
{snip}"
"It’s Harder for Clinton Supporters to Respect Trump Backers Than Vice Versa John Gramlich, Pew Research, November 1, 2016 Given the rancorous tone and often highly personal nature of this year’s presidential campaign, supporters of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump might be expected to hold similarly negative views of one another. But a new Pew Research Center survey finds that Clinton backers–particularly highly educated ones–have more difficulty respecting Trump supporters than the other way around. Nearly six-in-ten registered voters who back Clinton (58%) say they have a “hard time” respecting someone who supports Trump for president; 40% say they have “no trouble” with it. Nearly the opposite is true among Trump supporters, with 56% saying they have no trouble respecting someone who backs Clinton and 40% saying they do have trouble with it. Among Clinton supporters, those with a college degree have a harder time respecting someone who prefers Trump than those who have not graduated from college. About two-thirds (66%) of college graduates who back Clinton say they have a hard time, compared with a narrower majority (53%) among Clinton supporters who have not completed college. White women who back Clinton also are particularly likely to say they have difficulty respecting those who favor Trump: 68% say this, compared with a smaller share of white men (59%) and fewer nonwhites. 
{snip}"
"Loading Posted on November 2, 2016 This Professor Devotes Her Life to Countering Dangerous Speech. She Can’t Ignore Donald Trump’s. Colby Itkowitz, Washington Post, October 24, 2016 
When Susan Benesch began looking at how speech could incite mass violence, her research took her to far-flung places like Kenya and Burma. 
Lately, she’s been unable to ignore a case study at home in the United States. 
The American University law professor and Harvard University faculty associate has grappled for months with whether Donald Trump’s rhetoric constitutes dangerous speech as she has come to define it. She has examined election-year speech before, but only abroad where the risks of mass atrocities were great. 
But in the past week, with Trump claiming that the election system and the media are rigged against him, his messages have the type of undertone that increases the risk of violence between groups, she said. 
Benesch, 52, has dedicated the past six years of her life to developing and testing a framework for identifying dangerous speech. To rise to that level, at least two of these five indicators must be true: A powerful speaker with a high degree of influence over the audience. The audience has grievances and fears that the speaker can cultivate. A speech act that is clearly understood as a call to violence. A social or historical context that is propitious for violence, for any of a variety of reasons, including long-standing competition between groups for resources, lack of efforts to solve grievances or previous episodes of violence. A means of dissemination that is influential in itself, for example because it is the sole or primary source of news for the relevan t audience. 
“Trump’s speech is very difficult in the sense that he is so often slippery with it,” Benesch said in a recent interview. “The meaning is so often ambiguous.” 
But when Trump said his supporters could use the Second Amendment against Hillary Clinton, “it seems to me impossible that people didn’t understand that as a reference to violence,” she said. Or when he suggested that Clinton and President Obama were founders of the Islamic State, something he alluded to again at Wednesday’s final debate, that was a “hallmark of dangerous speech to describe an in-group member as the enemy,” she said. 
And now, with Trump trafficking in the conspiracy theory that if he loses the election it will be because of a rigged system against him, he’s definitely laying the groundwork for potential unrest after the balloting. Direct incitement of violence is illegal, but Trump falls short of actually calling for any kind of civil disobedience. 
Because of that, it’s still a gray area that surrounds whether Trump does use dangerous speech. 
“Trump may well be undermining the extent to which his supporters trust the essential institutions and practices of U.S. democracy,” Benesch said. “Some of them–those who are most susceptible to being inflamed by such messages–may therefore be more likely to commit violence. However, the United States is not in danger of mass intergroup violence, in my view. It is deeply irresponsible, though, since it can undermine some Americans’ belief in our own democratic institutions, which can make them more susceptible to dangerous speech going forward.” 
{snip}"
"Poll: How Millennials View BLM and the Alt-Right Susan Page and Karina Shedrofsky, USA Today, October 31, 2016 
Most Millennials have a positive view of the Black Lives Matter movement, a USA TODAY/Rock the Vote Millennial Poll finds, but attitudes are more mixed about the less well-known alt-right. 
In the survey of Americans 18 to 34 years old, 58% say they have a favorable opinion about Black Lives Matter, an activist movement that grew from protests over the shooting deaths of unarmed African Americans. Among blacks, an overwhelming 81% have a favorable view, including 50% who are “very favorable.” Just 14% of blacks have an unfavorable opinion. 
Whites have a positive impression of the movement by 53%-39%, Hispanics by 64%-31%, and Asian Americans by 54%-40%. 
{snip} 
The online poll of 1,299 young adults, including an over-sample of minorities, was taken Oct. 21-24 by Ipsos Public Affairs. {snip} 
The alt-right movement, which includes groups on the far right, has gained attention recently because of the support for Donald Trump by some white supremacists and anti-Semites. But it is much less well-known among Millennials. Nearly half of those surveyed, 45%, say they don’t know enough about the alt-right to have an opinion of it, compared with just 8% who say that of Black Lives Matter. 
Among those who express an opinion, 34% say they have a favorable opinion of the alt-right, 21% an unfavorable one. 
Among whites, the favorable-unfavorable divide is 33%-19%. Among African Americans, it is 31%-27%. Among Hispanics, 46%-23%. Among Asian Americans, 37%-23%. 
{snip}"
"Charles H.F. Davis III, Inside Higher Ed, November 1, 2016 
{snip} 
The recent case involving a first-generation Latina student , Tiffany Martínez, at Suffolk University, is but one example. An accomplished undergraduate, published journal author and McNair scholar, Martínez wrote a personal blog post titled “Academia, Love Me Back.” In her heartfelt plea, Martínez first recounts an experience she described as both disrespectful and invalidating and then explains that a sociology professor accused her of plagiarism, not privately, but in front of the entire class. The professor’s claim was further illustrated by emphatic written statements on her paper such as “this is not your word” and “please go back and indicate where you cut and paste.” 
One such comment was writt