ferendum campaign become deeper as we grapple with the challenges thrown up by globalisation.”"
"War on the Streets of Paris: Armed Migrants Fight Running Battles in the French Capital Nick Gutteridge, Express, November 2, 2016 
A migrant turf war erupted into violence on the streets of one of Paris’ trendiest neighbourhoods early this morning as asylum seekers beat each other to a pulp with wooden clubs. 
The area around Stalingrad Metro station was turned into a refugee battleground as rival gangs of migrants set upon each other in shocking scenes of violence. 
Asylum seekers wearing hooded tops wielded makeshift clubs fashioned from lengths of wood which they used to bludgeon each other as horrified pedestrians looked on. 
The blood-curdling brawl erupted just yards from the Stalingrad Metro station, where a squalid migrant camp has popped up following the demolition of the Jungle. 
It was not immediately clear what sparked the early morning fight, but rival gangs of people smugglers have previously been involved in violent brawls in Calais. 
And despite the horrific brawl, a pro-migrant rally is apparently being organised to take place at the camp at 6pm tonight. 
The once peaceful neighbourhood, in Paris’ 10th Arrondissement, used to be a popular area with tourists, boasting a lively nightlife scene bustling with restaurants and bars. 
But worried residents have revealed how it has become a no go zone in recent weeks following the establishment of the refugee camp, which has brought squalor and violence. 
Thousands of migrants–mostly from Sudan, Libya, Afghanistan, and Eritrea–have pitched tents under the Metro station after the demolition of the Jungle hampered their attempts to reach Britain. 
French police have tried and failed on many occasions to clear the squalid squat, but asylum seekers simply keep on returning and reestablishing it. 
There are now nore than 2,500 migrants pitching up in the makeshift camp, with locals saying the eyesore is ruining their businesses and making life a “living hell”. 
Residents in the once popular district say that the squatters are now becoming increasingly violent and dangerous, with increased reports of muggings. 
Faisal, a shopkeeper, told the French daily Le Figaro that Stalingrad locals are living in fear, threatening the future of his business. 
He said: “The stench of urine, faeces, and rubbish has made Stalingrad an insalubrious place to live. The place is dead – no-one wants to come here anymore. People are afraid to go out and lock themselves in. 
“I’m making less than €60 (£53) a day. A few more weeks like this and I’ll go bust! 
“French people have been kind to them. I know they’re desperate, but the least they can do is respect the law and try and integrate into French society.” 
Jeanne, another Stalingrad resident, told Le Figaro the migrants had become increasingly violent towards locals. 
She said: “Brazen migrants are snatching jewellery and handbags off passers-by–they’re even stealing bread. I’ve seen them beat people up too.” 
Police have raided the camp some 30 times in the past year, and on Monday French president François Hollande vowed to close the camp for good. 
But within 24 hours of a police operation to move migrants on tents had sprung up again, showing the uphill battle authorities in the French capital face to shut down such illegal encampments. 
Furious locals have demanded that the camp be closed once and for all, describing how they have heard “blood-curdling noises” coming from it in the middle of the night. 
Marie, who lives right next to the makeshift camp, told Le Figaro: “Life here has become unbearable. More than 2,500 squatters were evacuated in September, and now, less than two months later, they’re back. And now that the ‘Jungle’ camp has been closed, things are about to get even worse.” 
Another local, Monique, said that she was at “a loss for words” and “utterly distraught” over the situation. 
She said: “The streets are littered with rubbish and faeces. We can hear blood-curdling screams coming from the camp in the middle of the night."
"Beneath a Close Election Contest Lie Deep Rifts Among Groups Gary Langer et al., ABC News, November 3, 2016 
Profound rifts among groups lie beneath the close presidential contest, underscoring the country’s fundamental political divisions not only by gender, education, race and ethnicity but also by factors ranging from religious belief to residential area. 
{snip} 
There’s a 22 point gender gap in the contest, nearly double the norm in elections since 1976. And that pales compared with other gaps–44 points between college- and non-college-educated whites, 65 points between whites and nonwhites, 66 points between rural and urban residents and 97 points between white evangelicals and likely voters who don’t profess a particular religion. 
{snip} 
Trump is doing less well with Republicans and GOP leaners who wanted someone else to win the nomination; he has 75 percent support in this group, with 15 percent going to Clinton, 7 percent to Johnson or Stein. Two factors mitigate the damage: leaning Republicans have grown more apt to say they supported Trump in the first place (47 percent, up from 40 percent in August), and there’s no slippage evident in turnout among leaning Republicans who preferred someone else for the nomination. 
{snip} 
Differences among groups abound, with one of the largest between evangelical white Protestants–a core Republican constituency–and those who profess no religion. The former back Trump by 77 to 19 percent; the latter, Clinton by 64 to 25 percent. The groups are identical in size, each making up 17 percent of likely voters. The gap between them is typical. 
{snip} 
The racial gap, while wide, is narrower than typical. Whites support Trump by 53 to 39 percent; nonwhites favor Clinton, 72 to 21 percent. But that 65 point divide is a bit smaller than the average in exit polls since 1976, 73 points, as well as 26 points smaller than the record racial gap, 91 points, in 1984. That’s mostly because of lower support for Clinton among nonwhites who are not black or Hispanic; 48 percent back her, versus 66 percent for Barack Obama in 2012. 
In a particularly prominent result in this election, gender and education continue to spell broad differences among whites. College-educated white women, consistently strong for Clinton all year, now back her by 59 to 32 percent. Non-college-educated white men, steadily one of Trump’s best groups, support him 64 to 26 percent. 
White men with a college degree continue to divide closely, making them a battleground group. Non-college-educated white women–the largest of these groups, at 24 percent of likely voters–have wavered in their support, generally for Trump but by varying margins. Lately, they look more settled on Trump, now by 61 to 33 percent. 
{snip}"
"Francis Wilkinson, Bloomberg, November 1, 2016 
The class compositions of the Republican and Democratic parties keep evolving. {snip} 
A Pew Research Center report last month detailed the shift. 
Since 1992, the share of Democratic and Democratic-leaning registered voters with at least a college degree has increased sharply, from 21 percent to 37 percent. Among Republicans, 31 percent have at least a college degree, up only slightly from 28 percent in 1992. As a consequence, a greater proportion of Democrats than Republicans now have a college degree or more education. 
In the New York Times last week, political sage Thomas Edsall called this process the “Great Democratic Inversion.” 
What these figures suggest is that the 2016 election will represent a complete inversion of the New Deal order among white voters. From the 1930s into the 1980s and early 1990s, majorities of downscale whites voted Democratic and upscale whites voted Republican. Now, looking at combined male and female vote totals, the opposite is true. 
A key word in Edsall’s analysis is “white.” Stories about the disaffected working-class supporters of Donald Trump apply almost exclusively to white voters. Other working-class voters–blacks and Hispanics –are poised to provide lopsided support to Hillary Clinton. 
{snip} 
There is no expansive, working-class rage in the U.S. There is white conservative rage (along with a more modest left-wing version). While it may burn brightest in deindustrialized America, conservative rage extends across class and educational demarcations, from blue collars to billionaires . 
This complicates the story of the parties switching class allegiances. For Democrats, it leaves them managing an increasingly unwieldy coalition extending from white cosmopolitan millionaires who send their kids to private schools to low-paid Hispanic service workers and black factory and office workers facing economic dislocation. {snip} 
Keeping that coalition pointed in the same general direction might be impossible without the dedicated efforts of the Republican Party. The GOP has proved incapable of breaking out of its racial straitjacket. So it has opted instead to tighten the straps around its torso. 
{snip} 
Republicans’ constant struggle with racism in their ranks, and their recurring failure to resist the temptation to exploit it, eases pressure on the Democrats’ sprawling coalition. The parties won’t fully exchange their class identities for the simple reason that working-class blacks and Hispanics can’t trust the GOP to represent them. 
If it doesn’t diversify and become more accommodating to nonwhites, the GOP will only grow crazier and scarier , and its effort to wield power with the support of a shrinking white base will become even more extreme. {snip} 
{snip}"
"Lena Dunham Posts Video Celebrating the‘Extinction of White Men’ on Twitter Charlie Nash, Breitbart, November 3, 2016 
Both Lena Dunham and her father, Carroll Dunham, expressed their support for “the extinction of white men” in a bizarre video posted to Dunham’s Twitter account on Wednesday. 
“How are you feeling about the extinction of white men?” Lena asks her father in the video. 
“Well, white men are a problem. Straight w