hite men are a big problem, that’s for sure,” declared Carroll. 
“But I actually feel pretty good about it,” he continued. “I think straight white guys have been screwing things up for long enough. High time for straight white males to step back and let some other people do it.” 
“That’s my dad!” replied Lena, as Carroll laughed. 
{snip} 
Lena Dunham has expressed monumental support for Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton this year, even hitting the campaign trail in North Carolina to encourage young people to vote for Clinton . It’s not the end of men, it’s the evolution of men into better men. (beautiful animation by Sophie Koko Gate!) pic.twitter.com/Qtf0xyT5Ad"
"U-M’s New ‘Chief Diversity Officer’ Will Collect $385,000 per Year Derek Draplin, Michigan Capitol Confidential, October 28, 2016 
The University of Michigan’s new chief diversity officer will collect $385,000 a year under his various job titles, including a new one created by a recently revealed $85 million, five-year U-M diversity plan . 
Robert Sellers’ appointment to a new position called “vice provost for equity and inclusion and chief diversity officer” (VPEI-CDO) was approved Oct. 20 by the university’s governing board. Sellers previously served as “vice provost for equity and inclusion,” and is also listed as a professor of both psychology and education. In 2014-15 Sellers was paid $347,295 in his capacity as vice provost, a position created in 2014. 
President Mark Schlissel nominated Sellers for the job several weeks ago. The new full-time administrative position “will serve as a leadership voice on diversity, equity and inclusion for the entire university.” 
The diversity plan Sellers will oversee will spend $17 million a year over the next five years. It seeks to “recruit, retain and develop a diverse university community” and “support innovation and inclusive scholarship and teaching” through a number of new and expanded programs. 
The $85 million plan is in addition to the $40 million a year the university already spends promoting diversity. 
{snip}"
"Family Remembers Queens Sucker Punch Victim ‘He Was The Best Man I Knew’ CBS New York, October 2, 2016 
The NYPD is looking for a killer who walked up to a stranger and punched him for apparently no reason. 
Authorities are looking for two suspects in connection with the sucker punch attack of a Queens man just after midnight on June 26th. His family says he had taken a bus home after attending a Baltimore Orioles game. 
The NYPD released new surveillance video Wednesday of the assault, which police said happened outside 64-year-old Patrick Gorman’s home on the corner of Queens Boulevard and Main Street just after midnight on June 26. 
In the video, police said a man can be seen approaching Gorman and punching him in the head, knocking him to the ground. The man is then joined by a woman and calmly walks away as Gorman is seen struggling to get up. 
Gorman was taken to Jamaica Hospital, where he died nine hours later after suffering a stroke and brain hemorrhage. {snip} Patrick Gorman 
{snip} 
Police described the first suspect as a black man in his 30s with short hair. {snip} 
{snip}"
"Nigel Farage Fears Brexit ‘Betrayal’ and Warns of ‘Public Anger’ Following Historic Article 50 Ruling Chris Kitching, Mirror, November 3, 2016 
Nigel Farage has warned fellow politicians that any attempt to block or delay Britain’s exit from the European Union will be met with untold anger from the public. 
In a statement released after the historic High Court ruling on Article 50 the interim Ukip leader said he fears a Brexit “betrayal” is on the horizon. 
The judges ruled that the government doesn’t have the power to trigger two-year exit process Article 50 without a vote by MPs. 
Farage campaigned vigorously for Brexit and declared the June 23 referendum Britain’s “independence day” after the shock result was confirmed. 
After the High Court ruling was announced on Thursday morning Farage said: “I worry that a betrayal may be near at hand. 
“Last night at the Spectator Parliamentary Awards I had a distinct feeling that our political class, who were out in force, do not accept the 23rd of June Referendum result. 
“I now fear that every attempt will be made to block or delay the triggering of Article 50 . 
“If this is so, they have no idea of the level of public anger they will provoke.” 
Three of England’s top judges gave the ruling after a costly three-day hearing. 
The Government immediately announced it would appeal to the Supreme Court. 
Ukip millionaire donor Arron Banks accused the “legal establishment” of “declaring war on British democracy”. 
He added: “Parliament voted six-to-one in favour of letting the people decide. 
“They didn’t get the answer they wanted, and now they’re going to use every dirty trick in the book to try to sabotage, delay or water down Brexit.” 
Ukip leadership hopeful Suzanne Evans blasted the judges and said the court ruling “undermines democracy”. 
The former party chair urged the government to appeal. 
She wrote on Twitter : “How dare these activist judges attempt to overturn our will? It’s a power grab & undermines democracy. Time we had the right to sack them. 
” Article 50 is an EU trap we must not fall in to. It will tie us into the EU for years. The government must appeal. People power must win.” 
Labour Leader Jeremy Corbyn said: “This ruling underlines the need for the Government to bring its negotiating terms to parliament without delay. 
“Labour respects the decision of the British people to leave the European Union. 
“But there must be transparency and accountability to parliament on the terms of Brexit . 
“Labour will be pressing the case for a Brexit that works for Britain, putting jobs, living standards and the economy first.” 
Liberal Democrats Leader Tim Farron welcomed the ruling. 
He said: “Given the strict two year timetable of exiting the EU once Article 50 is triggered, it is critical that the government now lay out their negotiating to Parliament, before such a vote is held.”"
"France Closes 4 Mosques for Promoting ‘Radical Ideology’ AP, November 2, 2016 
France’s interior minister has ordered the closure of four mosques that allegedly espoused a ‘radical ideology,’ the latest such shutdowns among dozens since the Nov. 13 Paris attacks nearly a year ago. 
A state of emergency in France allows for the closing of places of worship where the preaching risks provoking hate, violence or acts of terrorism. 
{snip} 
“Under cover of religion, these places held meetings that in reality were aimed at promoting a radical ideology,” the statement said. 
{snip}"
"Loading Posted on November 3, 2016 ‘Go Away, You Shouldn’t Be Here. Don’t Come Back’: The Corner of Yorkshire That Has Almost No White Residents Sue Reid, Daily Mail, November 3, 2016 
From the window of her flat overlooking the canal path in a suburb of Dewsbury in Yorkshire, a blonde woman watches two female figures walking past as they chatter in a foreign tongue. 
Both the passers-by are covered in black Islamic gowns, only a glimpse of their eyes show from in the two gaps in the veils across their faces. 
They, like many Muslim women who live here, speak little or no English. Lots of them will have no contact with any person from another religion or culture. Almost all have been brought to the UK to wed the British men of south Asian heritage who have made this area their home. 
The wives have restricted lives: bringing up children, cooking for families, or going to women-only events at the huge local mosque run by the Deobandis, a powerful sect of Islam whose most outspoken preachers have urged followers not to mix with Christians, Jews or Hindus. 
We are in Savile Town, one of the most racially homogeneous parts of Britain: not because everyone is an indigenous Yorkshire man or woman, but exactly the opposite. 
In fact there are almost no white residents to be found in Savile Town. Astonishingly, a detailed breakdown of the last census of 2011 recorded that only 48 of the 4,033 people living here were white British. 
This would not surprise the blonde Lorraine Matthews, looking out at the ladies in burkas from her window. She is a 53-year-old dentist’s receptionist, one of the handful of white Britons left in Savile Town’s grid of terrace streets. Almost all the other residents, according to that census, have Pakistani or Indian backgrounds. 
Their forebears were enticed to Savile Town as cheap labour for back-breaking jobs in the woollen mills which had made Dewsbury a renowned textile town. 
These hard-working newcomers bought their own homes, and opened corner shops that sold burkas, prayer mats and perfumes that contained no alcohol, in line with the strictures of the Koran. 
Soon the new arrivals had built the mosque which is designed to accommodate 4,000 worshippers. Today, a Sharia court nearby–criticised in a House of Lords report for discriminating against women in divorce and matrimonial disputes–does brisk business espousing the strict Islamic justice code. 
Even the lady selling ice creams from a van during the summer wears a burka, and the mobile butcher going round the streets offers only halal goat, lamb and ostrich. 
Stand in Savile Town, as I have, and you will see scores of boys in Islamic robes walking to and from lessons at the mosque’s madrasah school, where for hours at a time they rote-learn the Koran by heart. 
And, distressingly, every girl I saw–even those of six and seven playing in the park–was wrapped up in a hijab and shoulder-to-toe-gown lest a man glimpse her flesh. 
Eight of the nine pubs in the area have shut because there are hardly any local customers who drink alcohol. The hair salon, once giving stern perms to Yorkshire ladies, closed down long ago, the Western grocery and clothes shops, too. 
Needless to say, with nowhere to socialise or shop for what they like, the local white folk departed, first in a trickle, then a torrent. 
Savile Town was left to become an ethnic enclave. And it seems that th