is detachment from mainstream society had disturbing repercussions. For this small area has produced several young jihadists who disappeared to fight–and die as suicide bombers–for Islamic State in the Middle East. 
(Mohammed Sidique Khan, the leader of the bombers who attacked London on July 7, 2005, was brought up nearby. He bade farewell to his pregnant wife at their terrace house before leading his fellow attackers to the capital to claim 52 innocent lives in explosions on Tube trains and buses.) 
Life in Savile Town was investigated earlier this year by Owen Bennett-Jones, the BBC’s former Pakistan correspondent, who threw light on the influence of the Deobandi movement over the Muslim population here. 
Interviewed for the Radio 4 programme was Mufti Mohammed Pandor, a civil servant and spokesman for the Deobandis. He arrived from India’s Gujarat in 1964 as a small child with his family. 
He lives near Savile Town, and would call himself a British Muslim. Yet he refused to let interviewer Bennett-Jones see his wife when the reporter visited the couple’s home, although she was permitted to make the tea in the kitchen. 
Pandor insists she is completely covered at almost all times, allowing her only to raise her veil for passport checks at airports. His family rarely watches British TV and says all music is un-Islamic. 
Despite being a religious adviser to two universities–Bradford and Huddersfield–he told the BBC that Muslim men should only be permitted to enter higher education institutions to study and pray, and ‘not to look at women’. 
‘If Mohammed did not do it, we don’t do it,’ Pandor told the BBC, saying the Deobandi are a ‘back to basics’ movement whose followers live in the style of the Prophet’s life, 14 centuries ago. 
You might dismiss such desperately backward thinking as being the preserve of a small outlandish sect, but the Deobandis run nearly half the 1,600 registered UK mosques, and train 80 per cent of all domestic Islamic clerics who, in turn, play a huge part in influencing the growing population of British Muslims. 
Perhaps it’s little surprise that the few indigenous Yorkshire people remaining in Savile Town feel somewhat beleaguered. 
Lorraine Matthews, in the house near the canal, is outspoken in her comments about the community in which she now lives: ‘I wouldn’t go out at night on my own as it is dangerous if you’re not from the Muslim community. It isn’t sensible for a woman to walk there after dark. The Asian lads gather on the corners, they make you feel intimidated because they don’t respect white women.’ 
When I myself walked down South Street towards the mosque, figures in burkas peered out of their lace-curtained windows in surprise at seeing an uncovered woman’s face. 
I asked one tall teenager, wearing an Islamic cap and white robes over his jeans, for directions to the mosque entrance. His response was to spit at me and shout: ‘Go away, you shouldn’t be here. Don’t come back.’ 
It is depressing to be confronted with such aggression. And I’ve no doubt many Muslims, too, will feel distressed at such behaviour. Not all British followers of Islam wish to live in areas where people of other faiths or cultures might fear to tread. 
Yet in places such as Savile Town, the omens are not good. 
For however unpalatable it may be to British liberals, the fact is that many Muslims here only want to live with those from their own culture. 
Indeed, some of the few remaining non-Muslim residents say they are regularly targeted by members of the local Islamic community who want to buy their houses. 
Some have even received a knock on the door from complete strangers in religious robes offering wads of cash in plastic bags to purchase their homes. 
Yorkshire-born Jean Wood, 76, a church-goer, is one long-time resident who feels that she is being edged out. Her children beg her to move to an area where she can share her retirement with the kind of people she grew up with. 
At her neat home on the edge of Savile Town, she told me the tale of what happened a day after her husband died suddenly while sitting at the kitchen table. 
‘He had not gone 24 hours when a Muslim neighbour pushed a note through the door saying she wanted to buy this house,’ she remembers. ‘We had lived here all our married life. I was grieving, although the note did not mention my loss. 
‘But I gathered my strength. I phoned the number on the piece of paper and said my home was not for sale and never would be in my lifetime.’ 
They were brave words, but–inevitably–the Deobandis’ spokesman Mufti Pandor views it differently. 
He described, on Radio 4, how ‘white flight’ ensued when his family came to Savile Town. ‘Who was going to buy the house next door to us?’ said Pandor. ‘It certainly wasn’t going to be a white guy . . . so my uncle bought it. Then there were two of us. So then guess what happened? The bloke opposite said: ‘Bugger this, I’m going’–so he left.’ 
It’s not hard to see why, with suspicions running deep on both sides of the cultural divide, Savile Town is, for good or bad, changing for ever."
"Hundreds of Migrants Protest in Paris over Their Treatment by French Authorities Julian Robinson and Peter Allen, Daily Mail, November 3, 2016 
Migrants have staged a mass protest in Paris over their treatment by French authorities following the destruction of their makeshift camps. 
Hundreds of refugees sleeping rough in the French capital joined local activists to demonstrate close to their encampment near the Stalingrad Metro station. 
One man held up a sign saying ‘human, no beast’ as a man used a loud speaker to lead the march, which happened late last night. 
It came 24 hours after violence broke out at the site with gangs of men attacking each other using sticks as makeshift clubs. 
The fighting unfolded just hours after demolition workers supported by riot police began smashing up an illegal camp full of UK-bound migrants in Paris. 
It also came in the wake of the destruction of the Calais Jungle which saw refugees transported around the country. It is not yet known what caused the fight in Paris. 
There had already been scuffles on Monday as mainly Afghans and Eritreans tried to save their possessions during the raid, which started soon after 8am. 
It followed thousands of migrants arriving in the French capital following the razing of the Calais Jungle refugee camp last week. 
While some 5,000 Jungle residents agreed to be bused to resettlement centres around France, many others headed off independently, saying they still wanted to get to Britain. 
Up to 3,000 set up tents on the pavements around the Stalingrad Metro station, which is close to the Gare du Nord Eurostar hub in the north of Paris. 
Shortly before Monday’s clearance French president Francois Hollande said: ‘We won’t tolerate the camps any longer.’ 
Referring to the Paris clearance, Mr Hollande said: ‘We are going to carry out the same operation as in Calais.’ 
CRS riot police around Stalingrad said there would be a ‘gradual operation’ which is likely to go on all week until all the camps are gone. 
Meanwhile, the first ever official centre for refugees in Paris is due to be opened by the city’s Socialist council later this week. 
The £6m facility is also close to the Eurostar hub, and will have beds for 400 men. 
But local residents and business owners say it will attract people smugglers, and other criminals. 
Jean Brossard, who has been living in the area for 30 years, said: ‘None of us asked for an immigrant centre on our doorsteps. 
‘Everybody in the area is complaining. If these men want to go to England, then send them to England.’ 
Others have accused the Socialists of tokenism, saying they are simply opening the camps as a humanitarian gesture that will have no long term effect on Europe’s immigrant crisis. 
The official centre, which will include a football pitch, will only allow residents to stay for between five and 10 weeks, and is likely to shut down within two years. 
Another centre for women with children will also open in the Paris suburb of Ivry-sur-Seine later this year, or early next, but it too will only have a limited capacity of 350 temporary places. 
Meanwhile, French authorities have started transporting migrant children out of Calais to processing centres around France, amid tensions around the closure of the vast Jungle camp. 
Three buses carried a group of unaccompanied boys, mainly teenagers, out of the camp on Wednesday morning. 
French authorities transferred more than 5,000 adult migrants out of Calais last week, but the fate of its 1,500 unaccompanied children remained unclear. 
Migrants from the Middle East and Africa converged on the Jungle in hopes of crossing the English Channel to Britain. 
President Francois Hollande said this week that the children would be transferred within days to ‘dedicated centres’ where British officials can explore whether they have the right to UK asylum. 
Mr Hollande said the others would be put in the care of French child welfare services."
"Posted on November 4, 2016 The French Fear Islamization but Do Nothing Guillaume Durocher, American Renaissance, November 2, 2016 Not even the Front National is prepared to act. 
In his classic study Democracy in America , Alexis de Tocqueville wrote about Southerners’ attitudes towards the rapidly expanding population of Blacks: 
In the states of the South, they are quiet; they do not speak about the future to foreigners; they avoid explaining themselves with their friends; everyone is in denial about it even with themselves. There is something more frightening about the silence of the South than the noisy fears of the North. [1] 
Almost two centuries later, there is a similar attitude of denial among French politicians about the steady Afro-Islamization of France. Conservatives are happy to talk about “Islamic totalitarianism,” “secularism,” “burkinis,” etc, but not the underlying problem, which is continued Muslim immigration. Socialists recognize the problem in private, but do nothing either to stop the flood of Africans