on between him and officers resulted in him being fatally shot. However, family members dispute the police narrative. 
Michael Beal, Joshua Beal’s brother, was charged with aggravated battery to a police officer, resisting arrest and attempting to disarm a police officer, a Cook County State’s Attorney spokesperson said Monday. He is scheduled to appear in court at 1:30 p.m. Tuesday. 
On Sunday, Mount Greenwood residents squared off against activists demonstrating against the shooting. The clash between Black Lives Matters and Blue Lives Matters groups became tense at times as they exchanged chants such as “KKK” on one side and “CPD” on the other side. 
{snip} 
According to police, the shooting occurred after a vehicle leaving funeral services at a nearby cemetery stopped in traffic in front of a Chicago fire house near West 111th Street and South Troy Street. An off-duty firefighter told the driver that they were illegally blocking the fire lane. The occupants exited the vehicle and a verbal/physical altercation ensured, police said. An off-duty Chicago police officer was inside a nearby business and assisted the firefighter. 
A Chicago police sergeant driving to work stopped when he observed a man with a firearm in his hands. After the man “failed to drop his weapon, shots were fired striking the individual multiple times,” police said. 
{snip} 
According to family, an off-duty officer in an unmarked vehicle cut off one of the vehicles in the funeral procession. The family members and officer got out of their vehicles. After a verbal exchange, gunfire erupted but Beal’s family said that he did not provoke the officer, and merely disclosing that he had a concealed weapon permit. 
{snip} 
Video circulated online on Sunday that claimed to show Beal holding a gun. 
“The problem is everybody is making their assumptions based on the little stuff they see, the picture, the video. No one knows what happened,” activist Ja’Mal Green said. 
The video appears to capture the tense moments before the shooting, showing at least two people with their guns out. In another video, gunshots can be heard. 
{snip}"
"Kelly Brennan, WTAE (Pittsburgh), November 5, 2016 
{snip} 
Public safety spokeswoman Sonya Toler said officers determined 47-year-old Lee Harris was inside an apartment in the 5200 block of Gertrude Street in Hazelwood early Saturday morning. 
{snip} 
According to the criminal complaint, Harris ordered a woman at knife-point into an abandoned building in September. 
The victim, who is not being identified since she is a victim of sexual assault, told police she knew Harris from seeing him in the neighborhood before but she never knew his name and didn’t have a relationship with him. 
{snip} 
In the criminal complaint, police state the victim and Harris approached the intersection of Watson and Jumonville streets, and Harris “pulled out a knife from his pocket, put it to her neck and ordered Jane Doe to walk to an abandoned building.” 
{snip} 
Once inside, “she was forced to go to the second floor where Harris pushed her into a small room.” It’s there he allegedly assaulted, raped and threatened the woman. 
When she asked why he was doing it, he told her “because you’re white.” 
Harris was arrested on a series of charges including rape, sexual assault and ethnic intimidation. 
{snip}"
"German Ministry Wants Migrants Returned to Africa: Report Reuters, November 6, 2016 
The German Interior Ministry wants to stop migrants ever reaching Europe’s Mediterranean coast by picking them up at sea and returning them to Africa, the Welt am Sonntag newspaper reported on Sunday. 
In what would be a huge shift for a country with one of the most generous asylum policies, the ministry says the European Union should adopt an Australian-style system under which migrants intercepted at sea are sent for processing at camps in third countries. 
“The elimination of the prospect of reaching the European coast could convince migrants to avoid embarking on the life-threatening and costly journey in the first place,” the paper quoted a ministry spokeswoman as saying. 
“The goal must be to remove the basis for people-smuggling organizations and to save migrants from the life-threatening journey.” 
The ministry’s proposal calls for migrants picked up in the Mediterranean–most of whom set off from conflict-torn Libya–to be sent to Tunisia, Egypt or other north African states to apply for asylum from there. 
If their asylum applications are accepted, the migrants could then be transported safely to Europe. 
{snip}"
"By: Seasonal via abovetopsecret.com 
CNN outs themselves as using their own cameramen as fake protesters. 
OOPSY! Using your own camera man to voice an opinion. Editorials belong in that segment on your new network. 
Looks like the anchor man knew the guy who was so mad about the electoral college. They all know each other, how nice. 
If you’ve been watching CNN just for laughs since Trump won the election, you probably saw some worthless white trash meltdown with Don Lemon last night. His name is “Brian” and his meltdown on CNN was epic last night. Turns out, this “Brian” is a CNN cameraman."
"Pipeline Billionaire Who Militarized Police at Standing Rock 11 Shares Email 
The months long Dakota Access Keystone XL pipleine protest at the Standing Rock Indian Reservation by Native Americans and those sympathetic to protection of our water supply has been met with heavy-handed and brutal clamp down by police and national guard. Militarized goons in battle dress have stormed protector camps with LRAD sonic weapons, attack dogs , tear gas, tazers , and even live ammunition ( killing horses ), while politicians and mainstream media do their best to ignore this growing atrocity, hoping to wait it out until the protestors give up. 
But, as the saying goes, Water Is Life , and the issue of life and death is at the root of this protection movement, therefore, for people concerned with life, giving up on this is simply unthinkable. The root issue justifying state oppression of the protest is capitalism, and the perception that money is more important than life itself. When the police and national guard attack U.S. citizens on private property to protect corporate interests, who are they really working for? 
The corporate dream of the Keystone XL pipeline is to create a profit stream for a small number of people at the expense of the natural world and anyone in the way. At the top of this pyramid of profit is Texas billionaire Kelcy Warren, CEO of Energy Transfer Partners, the company responsible for the project. 
So who is Kelcy Warren? 
A native of East Texas and graduate of the University of Texas at Arlington with a degree in civil engineering, Warren worked in the natural gas industry and became co-chair of Energy Transfer Equity in 2007. With business partner Ray Davis, co-owner of the Texas Rangers baseball team, Warren built Energy Transfer Equity into one of the nation’s largest pipeline companies, which now owns about 71,000 miles of pipelines carrying natural gas, natural gas liquids, refined products and crude oil. The company’s holdings include Sunoco, Southern Union and Regency Energy Partners. 
Forbes estimates the 60-year-old Warren’s personal wealth at $4 billion. Bloomberg described him as “among America’s new shale tycoons” — but rather than building a fortune by drilling he “takes the stuff others pull from underground and moves it from one place to another, chilling, boiling, pressurizing, and processing it until it’s worth more than when it burst from the wellhead.” [ Source ] 
Shockingly, in 2015 the governor of Texas, Greg Abbott, appointed Warren to the Texas Parks and Wildlife Commission which is an insult to environmentalists working to protect Big Bend National Park and surrounding sacred tribal lands from another $770 million pipeline project . 
“According to the governor’s office, the state parks and wildlife commission “manages and conserves the natural and cultural resources of Texas,” along with ensuring the future of hunting, fishing and outdoor recreation opportunities for Texans.” [ Source ] 
This glaring conflict of interest has inspired Environmental Science major at UTSA and former Texas State Park Ambassador Andrew Lucas to begin a drive to have Warren removed from this environmental post. His petition is described here : 
Most people may know Kelcy Warren as the man behind the controversial Dakota Access Pipeline. The Dallas-based billionaire and CEO of Energy Transfer Partners has been making headlines for fast-tracking a 1100 mile crude oil pipeline across the Midwest and under the Missouri River, just north of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation. No environmental impact assessment, no respect for cultural sites, and no regard for the local and widespread communities living along the river. A similar story is unfolding out in West Texas, where Warren’s company has split through the pristine Big Bend region with the 200 mile Comanche Trail Pipeline and nearly-complete 143 mile Trans Pecos Pipeline. These Pipelines mark the way for massive natural gas and oil developments in the Trans Pecos region. 
With untold damages unfolding for cultural and environmental resources at the hands of Energy Transfer Partners, it would surprise most to know that nearly a year ago, Texas Governor Greg Abbott appointed Kelcy Warren for a 6 year term as 1 of the 10 commissioners who preside over Texas Parks And Wildlife… Why? Probably the $550,000 in campaign contributions Abbott received from Warren. 
Read More… About the Author 
Isaac Davis is a staff writer for WakingTimes.com and OffgridOutpost.com Survival Tips blog. He is an outspoken advocate of liberty and of a voluntary society. He is an avid reader of history and passionate about becoming self-sufficient to break free of the control matrix. Follow him on Facebook, here ."
"Twittergate is happening right now. 1000s of twitter Pedophile accounts discovered 1 Share Email 
Several Twitter users were reporting child p0rn0graphy accounts and sending them to 0hour, an active member of Anonymous. 
T