eet Journal
Already, the country gives its employees 30 days off a year and 16 weeks of full-paid family leave; this latest initiative is only making France more popular. According to BBC News , the new “right to disconnect” law will mandate that a company with 50 employees or more cannot email an employee after typical work hours. The amendment is largely a result of studies showing that people have an increasingly difficult time distancing themselves from the workplace.
Good relays that the law seeks to make sure the French citizens are able to fully enjoy their time off. Said Benoit Hamon of the French National Assembly:"
"By anonews
“Condemnation without investigation is the height of ignorance” – Albert Einstein
Newly obtained video that was reluctantly released by NIST after a lawsuit by the International Center for 9/11 Studies shows two firefighters on 9/11 discussing how secondary explosions occurred immediately before the collapse of the twin towers, providing damning new evidence that explosive devices were used to bring down the buildings.
Firemen discuss how bombs were going off in the lobby of WTC1 as they were staging to move up the building.
They explain how the building had already been hit by the plane and fires were already burning. After two explosions in the lobby, a third went off and the whole lobby collapsed.
Listen To 9/11 Firefighters Tell How Bombs Were Going Off In The Lobby Of World Trade Center 1:
Even though it’s an old video, it’s useful to share given the fact that people are still waking up to the possibility that the official story presented to the public was false."
"I have only ever had one mammogram, and that was enough to convince me that I would not be going back. If you want to avoid cancer, live clean, eat clean and think clean."
"Well, duh. Wheat is no longer wheat, but a gmo hybrid. Many animals are fed this knock-off food, and now their milk and meat is contaminated. Promoted as the foods to eat, people have been getting poisoned for the past 25 years. Now we see the results. The government should never have been allowed to dictate what we should eat for health, because they have a vested interest in the profits from these unhealthy foods. The only fruits and veg that will be affordable is the mutant crap that monsanto sells seeds for, that can be made to yield ten-fold versus it’s counterparts. Time to move to a hippe commune!"
"In the scientific world, there is something called serendipity. The word is used to denote the occurrence or invention of something beneficial by chance. For years, governments and climate change activists have struggled to convince the world to cut down on greenhouse emissions. A greenhouse gas is any gaseous compound in the atmosphere that is capable of absorbing infrared radiation, thereby trapping and holding heat in the atmosphere. By increasing the heat in the atmosphere, greenhouse gases are responsible for the greenhouse effect, which ultimately leads to global warming.
Carbon dioxide (CO2) is one of the gases that are responsible for global warming. CO2 is a byproduct of fuel consumption. Apart from it being harmful to the atmosphere, it also has devastating consequences on human health, mainly through respiratory diseases.
In the past, researchers have attempted to convert this fuel byproduct back into energy, for future use. As the experiments proved unsuccessful, researchers were hoping that one day their dream would eventually come true. And indeed, it did. Unexpectedly.
Researchers from the Oak Ridge National Laboratory, Tennessee, United States, have announced that they have accidentally discovered a catalyst that is capable of transforming CO2 gas into high yields of ethanol . The discovery has been accepted and published in the online journal ChemistrySelect .
According to the researchers, they can do this without the use of rare and expensive elements such as platinum; with the process said to be very cheap and efficient.
The good news is, the new energy produced from the CO2 is said to be environmentally friendly. Developing the new fuel could significantly boost the already booming renewable energy industry.
The researchers have suggested that their new process could be combined with other renewables, such as solar or wind power, in order to efficiently harness those energy sources. Excess electricity produced by wind and solar is often lost when it is stored in batteries. However, by applying this new discovery, the researchers said the excess electricity could be used to produce ethanol to power solar factories and turbines when there is insufficient sun or wind energy. This method will cut down the costs of production for factory owners, ultimately benefiting the entire world."
"I actually think you guys have done good work. Here is the problem! You say you have the tape? Where is it? Release it already! You know we can never trust government! I hope that we can trust you! Your credibility is on the line here! I hope you are just not another source that can’t be trusted. Because we do really want to trust you! If you have it release it! What are you waiting on? Are you scared? WTF?
You said you had it and nothing! If it does not come out soon I for one will not believe you guys anymore! I doubt anyone will! Man up! Release it or tell the world you don’t have it!"
"the national laws passed during the height of fear of terrorism, opened the door for many of our rights being taken from us. Fear is their greatest tool, when we are afraid we are irrational creatures."
"If you ever want the true story to the Rothschild estate just let me know ive got all the proof you need …."
"By Nick Bernabe at theantimedia.org
The 2016 election has been one for the record books. Somehow, two of the most reviled people in the United States have become the frontrunners for the most powerful job in the country — and the world.
On one hand, there is Donald Trump , the compulsively lying demagogic womanizing egomaniacal billionaire. On the other hand, there is Hillary Clinton, the infinitely corrupt influence peddling war-starter who allegedly cheated her way to the top of the Democratic Party while leaving a number of victims in her wake.
A significant portion of young people would actually prefer that a giant, apocalyptic meteor hit the earth rather than see Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump elected president.
It’s not all bad, though — at least when it comes to the creative art that has been inspired by this nightmare of an election. One such example is “Dillary Trumplon,” a recently released rap song written and performed by Blaise Guerra that’s starting to go viral on social media. From Trump’s demagoguery to Hillary’s war mongering, Guerra leaves no stone unturned.
Listen to the song for yourself, then check out our interview with Blaise below (his responses have been slightly edited and condensed for clarity).
AM: What inspired you to make this song? Blaise: I was inspired to make the song because I felt very disenfranchised by the way Bernie Sanders sparked such an incredible movement but was completely ignored by the media and given no shot. Yet according to Election Justice USA , without the primaries being fixed, Sanders could have won by a landslide. I felt so cheated when he lost. I knew the Democratic establishment had completely undermined the meaning of democracy and stolen the nomination from him."
"Dumptrump and hillary m"
"“Jesus” will save his soul not his body, Ignorant piece of shit."
"How tragic for the world if true"
"He has been confirmed as alive and free as of 10/21 when he made a public statement claiming british troops had stormed the embassy but were held off by ecuadorian nationals. The video also points out that any such action by the brits is in direct violation of the geneva convention so they need to tred lightly to avoid taking a massive hit in foreign policy"
"He is alive: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6iO8YZLwqlY"
"Am I the only person who sees the irony of John Kerry being a dissident speaking out against the war in Vietnam, now he’s a lackey for a far greater evil government silencing dissent ?"
"By Alice Salles at theantimedia.org
In an email between Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and her campaign chairman, John Podesta, the former first lady and secretary of state cites “ Western intelligence, US intelligence and sources in the region ” to accuse Qatar and Saudi Arabia of “ providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL [or ISIS] and other radical Sunni groups in the region .”
Citing the need to “ use our diplomatic and more traditional intelligence assets ,” the candidate told Podesta the current developments in the Middle East were “ important to the U.S. for reasons that often differ from country to country .” In the same email, Clinton seemed to claim Turkey needed to be reassured of America’s willingness to “ take serious actions, ” an effort that “ [could] be sustained to protect our national interests ” in the region.
In another piece of correspondence from 2012, the Director of Foreign Policy at the Clinton Foundation, Amitabh Desai , claimed the Ambassador from Qatar would “ like to see [Bill Clinton] ‘for five minutes’ in NYC, to present $1 million check that Qatar promised for [his] birthday in 2011 ,” adding that the small but rich nation occupying the Qatar Peninsula would “ welcome [the Clinton Foundation’s] suggestions for investments in Haiti — particularly on education and health .” Desai added that while Qatar had already “ allocated most of their $20 million … [they were] happy to consider projects we suggest .”
Al Jazeera , a Qatar-based, state-funded news organization, recently ran a list of “ revealing, juicy and quirky emails ” leaked by WikiLeaks. In its list, the news organization went over the “pay-for-play” scheme involving the Clinton Foundation, going so far as to mention an email confirming the king of Morocco offered $12m “for the endowment” — as long as Clinton was willing to take part in a meeting.
Nevertheless, the state-funded broadcaster failed to bring u