p the Qatar connection. Unfortunately for the organization, Wikileaks promptly noticed the omission.
In a post on Facebook , the WikiLeaks official page said, “ Al Jazeera’s list of juiciest Wikileaks forgets to mention the revelation that Qatar funds both ISIS & Bill Clinton. ”
On Twitter, the convenient lapse wasn’t forgiven. Promptly after WikiLeaks pointed out the omission, users began pressuring Al Jazeera to explain why the publication failed to link Qatar to ISIS and Clinton."
"By Claire Bernish at theantimedia.org
Thanks to Wikileaks, we now have the smoking gun email irrefutably proving not only did President Barack Obama know about Hillary Clinton’s non-government-issued email account, he used it in correspondence with her.
Even more damning to the president’s credibility, it appears the lie was a purposeful attempt to protect Clinton’s upcoming bid for the presidency.
Shortly after the New York Times broke the story on March 2, 2015, of Clinton’s use of a personal server to supplant the government system — and, as has been revealed, to thwart transparency — Obama announced publicly his lack of prior knowledge.
“The same time everybody else learned it through news reports,” the president told CBS News White House correspondent Bill Plante, as Zero Hedge reported . “The policy of my administration is to encourage transparency, which is why my emails, the BlackBerry I carry around, all those records are available and archived.
“I’m glad that Hillary’s instructed that those emails about official business need to be disclosed.”
It wouldn’t be a stretch to imagine, however, Obama’s placid public appearance guarded secret internal panic — a panic echoed behind the scenes at the burgeoning Clinton campaign.
An email penned by Clinton campaign spokesman Josh Schwerin to Director of Communications, Jennifer Palmieri, and a few others, calling immediate attention to a tweet by journalist Katherine Miller paints an entirely different picture.
Miller tweeted a snippet of the aforementioned interview in which Plante asked Obama, “Mr. President, When did you first learn that Hillary Clinton used an email system outside the U.S. Government for official business while she was Secretary of State?”
“The same time everybody else learned it,” he responded, “through news reports.”
I have some questions here pic.twitter.com/ufkeoZCx2m"
"Is it better that we don’t know the true extent of Clinton’s mishandling of government documents? Is it better we don’t know the extent of her pay to play schemes? Is it better we don’t know the truth about the destruction of the legitimate government of Libya? Should we not know the ultimate destination of the arms and munitions, especially stinger missals removed from Libya? How about the disruption of an opposing political candidate’s political rallies and possibly the rigging of election ballot boxes? Is the destruction of cell phones and wiping of computers OK even if they held evidence of Clinton foundations wrong doing?
The list goes on. What does our government do? It silences the voice of truth and replaces it with the script of propaganda."
"By Darius Shahtahmasebi at theantimedia.org
Last week, the U.S. State Department acknowledged that al-Qaeda-linked terror group Jabhat al-Nusra is not a “priority” for the United States’ efforts in Syria.
One might ask, then: if al-Qaeda in Syria is not a priority for the war on terror, what is?
State Department spokesman John Kirby provided some useful insight into this dilemma, stating:
“The only thing that stands between where we are now and a permanent and enduring ceasefire in Syria is Bashar al-Assad and his supporters . We recognize Al-Nusra as a spoiler, we have concerns about co-mingling, I’ve talked about this ad nauseam.”"
"Fraud fraud fraud can’t anyone see the family tree isnt even old and using care takers in pictures is beond bullshit i hate the U.S. government for everything theyve done to my family !!! Enjoy your theifing selfs your getting ready to burn in hell .."
"Marcus A Degenhart , mother Margaret ann Roth , kansas and didnt even put me on the family tree Janet Mary Degenhart(Reichert) my mother"
"Israel."
"And cops wonder why they get no respect. Stupid fucker"
"Says the guy who drops a link from FAUX news"
"( ZHE ) Having unveiled the first images of its new nuclear missile capable of reaching US soil, Russian President Vladimir Putin is warning today that Washington’s actions are “pushing Russian into a nuclear arms race,” forcing Russia “to develop its nuclear attack systems.” Yesterday, Russia reveals photos of a new highly advanced liquid fuelled heavy ICBM capable of evading anti-missile defences and hitting US territory with 10 tonne nuclear payload.
The Makeyev Design Bureau – the designer of Russia’s heavy liquid fuelled Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles (“ICBMs”) – ie. of missiles capable of reaching US territory from Russian territory, has published the first picture of Russia’s new heavy Sarmat ICBM which is due to enter service shortly, probably in 2018.
The picture is accompanied by a short statement which reads
“In accordance with the Decree of the Russian Government ‘On the State Defence Order for 2010 and the planning period 2012-2013,’ the Makeyev Rocket Design Bureau was instructed to start design and development work on the Sarmat. In June 2011, the Bureau and the Russian Ministry of Defense signed a state contract for the Sarmat’s development. The prospective strategic missile system is being developed in order to assuredly and effectively fulfil objectives of nuclear deterrent by Russia’s strategic forces. ”
And now today, Putin explains:
*PUTIN: INTERMEDIATE NUCLEAR FORCES TREATY SHOULD BE OBSERVED *PUTIN: RUSSIA, U.S. MUST BREAK VICIOUS CIRCLE OF CONFRONTATION *PUTIN: RUSSIA HAS TO DEVELOP ITS NUCLEAR ATTACK SYSTEMS *PUTIN: U.S. PUSHED RUSSIA TO ARMS RACE IN NUCLEAR SPHERE"
"“Syria’s children, like children anywhere else in the world, deserve the chance to learn and play without running the risk of being killed in their classrooms.” A damaged classroom at a school after it was hit in an air strike in the village of Hass, in the south of Syria’s rebel-held Idlib province on October 26, 2016. (Photo: Omar haj kadour/AFP)
Twenty-two children and six teachers were killed after a school in Idlib, Syria was bombed on Wednesday, which aid groups are saying may be the deadliest attack on a school since the conflict began.
“This is a tragedy. It is an outrage. And if deliberate, it is a war crime,” said Anthony Lake, executive director of the United Nations children’s agency UNICEF, of the attack on the school compound.
“This latest atrocity may be the deadliest attack on a school since the war began more than five years ago,” he continued. “Children lost forever to their families…teachers lost forever to their students…one more scar on Syria’s future.”
According to BBC :
The attack on Haas, about 75km (46 miles) south-west of Aleppo, appears to have been intense and flattened a number of buildings, reports the BBC’s James Longman in Beirut.
Children were reportedly gathered around an entrance when it was hit, at about 11:30 local time (08:30 GMT). They had been allowed to leave classes early because of the raids elsewhere in the village.
Activists shared photographs of dead bodies—many of them children—on the floor of a makeshift treatment center.
Many are saying that Wednesday’s bombing is evidence of the increasing human suffering caused by the intractable war within Syria ."
"( ANTIWAR ) A day after reports NATO was soliciting even more ground troops for their deployment into Eastern Europe, officials are reporting “progress” in recruiting more troops from more member nations to participate in the deployment, intended to be around 40,000 troops along the Baltic states, near Russia’s border. NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg claimed to have been “ very inspired ” by the response of nations he sought troops from, after yesterday’s report Quote: d diplomats as saying the deployment was meant to both “confront” Russia and to undercut Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s complaints NATO isn’t participating enough in its own defense.
The new participants in the deployment include Albania, Slovenia, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Croatia, Belgium, and Norway. The size of individual deployments from different nations is unclear, but there will be four battalions, and the US is expected to provide the majority.
With all these troops headed to the Baltic coast, reports out of Russia’s media suggest that they are planning some new warship deployments into their Baltic Fleet, with an eye toward enhancing their targeting capacity along the shore."
"cool and true"
"By Claire Bernish at thefreethoughtproject.com
Revelations from the Wikileaks release of John Podesta’s emails yet again prove mainstream, corporate media serves as Hillary Clinton’s personal cheerleading squad — and is devoid of any iteration of journalistic integrity.
Thanks to Wikileaks and the Intercept , in fact, we now have a list of no less than 65 mainstream “reporters” whose campaign coverage constitutes propaganda for the Clinton campaign — and no wonder, considering the obscenely lopsided drivel presented by their outlets.
As (actual) journalists Glenn Greenwald and Lee Fang reported on October 9, the Intercept exclusively received documents obtained by the source known as Guccifer 2.0 evidencing Clinton campaign tactics to court journalists portraying the former secretary of state in a positive light.
“As these internal documents demonstrate,” the Intercept reported , “a central component of the Clinton campaign strategy is ensuring that journalists they believe are favorable to Clinton are tasked to report the stories the campaign wants circulated.
“At times, Clinton’s campaign staff not only internally drafted the stories they wanted published but even specified what should be Quote: d ‘on background’ and what should be described as ‘on the record.’”
On