search involved merely 78 residents (mostly former) and 29 professionals working in Aleppo .
4. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights — the London-based monitoring group, often Quote: d as the most authoritative source of information about human rights abuse in Syria — is a tool of Western propaganda run by one man who last visited Syria in 2000 (11 years before the armed conflict began). He relies on “intelligence” allegedly gathered by around 200 “activists” who he has never met. Current Status: Whatever the SOHR claims, the mainstream media reports as truth without verifying its nature – because the SOHR does not reference any sources.
The Western Lies Why is the angry and (nowadays) concerned world not asking the United States and the mainstream media a few pertinent questions? What is the West doing in Syria? Why is the peace-loving West prolonging the war? Why is the West backing the rebels in a foreign country? Why is the West funding and arming ISIS?
Why are the Western forces not being held accountable for war crimes like bombing a hospital? Why is the mainstream media, the NGOs and the UN not holding the West accountable for crimes committed on their own land, or in Israel, Africa or Yemen?
One reason may be because of the abundance of natural gas under Syrian soil, and that this may very well be another ‘petrodollar’ war . The US had long had its gaze set on Syria – years before the civil war and the 2011 “revolution.” Leaked WikiLeaks cables show the US ambassador to Syria (2004-2007) William Roebuck discussing a plan to remove Assad from power, in December 2006 .
While the Russian and Iranian forces entered Syria on Assad’s request to fight against ISIS and armed rebels, the Western military invaded Syria — a sovereign country and United Nations member state — to violently overthrow the Syrian government.
Why didn’t the West invade Saudi Arabia to initiate “humanitarian intervention” and save innocent citizens from its brutal dictator? Saudi Arabia remains a member of the United Nations Human Rights Council and a U.S. ally, despite its poor human rights record — if attacking an independent harmless country is justified, why did the US act against Osama bin Laden?
The Western effort to annex Syria has relied on a series of crudely-spun lies and media-generated talking points. In September, RT dared to expose the top 10 Western lies about Syrian conflict that the mainstream media are trading in, to fool the Western public into backing yet another failed ‘nation-building’ project (after Yugoslavia, Iraq and Libya). Obviously, the fear mongering media didn’t find it profitable to give the lies much, if any, coverage in the West.
From calling the conflict a fault of wicked Assad, and Assad a brutal dictator who enjoyed no popular support, to portraying him as an uncompromising President interested only in ‘killing his own people’ – and not in peace and reconciliation, the list is endless. From accusing the Syrian government and Russia for helping ISIS and terming the Western interventions in Syria as humanitarian, to claiming Russia was acting out of self-interest and that the West was on the side of the ‘good guys’ in Syria, can you be certain of the ‘truth’? Realistically, the West hasn’t been fighting ‘terror’ in Syria, it has aided it.
Remember the American journalist Serena Shim, who was killed in October 2014, after she revealed the ISIS-Turkey-US link that proved the West was assisting ISIS in Syria?
The Syrian Reality Henry Lowendorf, a member of the Executive Board of the U.S. Peace Council’s Peace and Fact-Finding Delegation to Syria – who returned from Syria in August – noted: “What we saw in Syria goes against everything we read in the United States.”
Before 2011, illiteracy in Syria had been wiped out; the life expectancy was 75.9 years and the government spent massive amounts of money on improving the nation. Developing irrigation, electricity, water and road building projects, and expanding the health services and education to rural areas, all occurred; and China invested hundreds of millions of dollars to modernize Syria’s aging oil and gas infrastructure."
"Co-sponsored by 57 nations, L41 calls for a 2017 conference ‘to negotiate a legally binding instrument to prohibit nuclear weapons, leading towards their total elimination’ The United Nations on Thursday adopted a landmark resolution calling for the ultimate elimination of nuclear weapons worldwide.
Resolution L.41 (pdf) was accepted by a vote of 123-38, with 16 member nations abstaining. The vote was held during a meeting of the First Committee of the UN General Assembly, which deals with disarmament and international security matters.
“For seven decades, the UN has warned of the dangers of nuclear weapons, and people globally have campaigned for their abolition. Today the majority of states finally resolved to outlaw these weapons,” said Beatrice Fihn, executive director of International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear weapons (ICAN).
Setsuko Thurlow , a survivor of the Hiroshima and leading proponent of a ban, also celebrated Thursday’s vote.
“This is a truly historic moment for the entire world,” Thurlow said. “For those of us who survived the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, it is a very joyous occasion. We have been waiting so long for this day to come.”
As expected, nuclear powers including the United States, France, Canada, Israel, Russia, and the United Kingdom, as well as several of their European allies, were among the nations who voted against the ban.
It was a long journey to get to this point, but totally worth it! #goodbyenukes #FirstCommittee pic.twitter.com/SM5mFzSXzf
— Michael Hurley (@mdghurley) October 27, 2016"
"fu – ck the Yankee K I_I NT5 – ha ha ha"
"Christopher Ashton Kutcher is a well-known figure in the American entertainment industry. Apart from acting, Kutcher is also an investor. A venture capitalist, Kutcher has successfully invested in several high technology startups with some of his investments including Skype, Foursquare, Airbnb, Path and Fab.com. But despite being a businessman and a public figure, societal problems are dear to his heart. In 2008, Kutcher and his ex-wife, Demi Moore decided to tackle one of the more serious crimes facing our modern world – human/sex trafficking.
By basic definition, human trafficking is the trade of humans, most commonly for the purpose of sexual slavery, forced labor or commercial sexual exploitation. The trade is a modern form of slavery . It involves controlling a person through force, fraud, or coercion to exploit the victim. Over the years, the United Nations, International Non-Governmental Organizations, human rights activists, and individuals have all stepped up efforts in order to end the trade. However, due to the high rate of unemployment and rising poverty levels in some nations, the trade is still secretly thriving.
Also, with the rise of the Internet and technology, it is becoming increasingly easy for traffickers to lure people, especially young girls, into the dirty business. Mostly, traffickers will hide on the deep web, using sophisticated gadgets to carry out their trade.
Kutcher and Moore decided to concentrate their efforts on the Internet, to thwart the trade of the traffickers. They set up an organization called Thorn. Thorn’s mission is very simple: to eliminate sex-trafficking and child exploitation over the Internet.
With the help of around 20 technology companies, they set up the Thorn Task Technical Force. Technology companies such as Facebook, Google, Twitter, Yahoo!, Snapchat and Imgur are all part of this task force.
They dedicate their time and resources to searching the darker corners of the Internet, hunting out traffickers who have been involving in trafficking innocent people. Since establishing Thorn in 2008, the organization has so far, identified and rescued over 6,000 trafficking victims and captured over 2,000 traffickers – many of which are now in the process of facing criminal charges."
"I will be a camera and would like to know if there is any live streams for the Washington d.c. area. Can some one please post a time for those of us who do not even trust facebook. I have heard 7 and 12. I will go. I will love to learn and also support. I can take a hit and smile. I have extreme self control. I would gladly die with my body limp in the hopes some one else with step up behind me. My girlfriend said if some thing happens she would have a hard time not fighting we both agree that no matter if or if not life after life;then it will probably do some good so please do not start stuff this day. I believe that destruction of property may be needed but not yet. As some anon said above this can be a place for knowledge. We can grow this day. We can grow internally. We can grow our idea.i will look forward to meeting our family. You will be a great idea to see forming in a street. It is sad we have to meet mask to mask but i feel one day we will tell our kids we were there. We said no that day and i hope even more that one day we will be able to have the ability to say that to them. The only true hope at least one of the non- violent things you can do you do and be safe. Love and wishes"
"On September 5, 2006, Eli Chomsky was an editor and staff writer for the Jewish Press, and Hillary Clinton was running for a shoo-in re-election as a U.S. senator. Her trip making the rounds of editorial boards brought her to Brooklyn to meet the editorial board of the Jewish Press."
"🙂"
"It’s always a pleasure 🙂"
"Hey Anon Void, I’m woman enough to admit when I’m wrong, you were right about Russia, well, Putin at least 🙂 He’s not bad at all."
"All day send that shit robert"
"Absolute lies,and a tankies wet dream.Anonymous your shame is only matched by your genocide apologist solidarity.Every Syrian knows what you’ve written is false!"
"Researchers involved in the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence (SETI) have announced in a paper that they have detected new messages from the stars, saying they are likely to have been generated by aliens.