 The researchers are from the University of Laval in Quebec, Canada. Their paper has been accepted by the journal Publications of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific and is titled ‘ Discovery of peculiar periodic spectral modulations in a small fraction of solar type stars.’
According to a print version of the paper – also available online – the title of the paper was initially proposed as ‘Signals probably from Extraterrestrial Intelligence.’ However, this was later changed due to concerns raised by some observers.
The researchers who made the discovery revealed they heard unusual messages from deep in space. For them, they strongly believe the messages are coming from aliens.
The paper revealed the finding of specific modulations in just 234 out of the 2.5 million stars that have been observed during a survey of the sky. The work found that a tiny fraction of them seemed to be behaving strangely. According to the researchers, their analysis of these modulations in a tiny set of stars, may indicate that these messages are from extraterrestrial intelligence looking to alert humanity of their existence.
The researchers said there is no obvious explanation to what they discovered, hence their conclusion that the messages are coming from aliens.
“We find that the detected signals have exactly the shape of an [extraterrestrial intelligence] signal predicted in the previous publication and are therefore in agreement with this hypothesis. The fact that they are only found in a very small fraction of stars within a narrow spectral range centered near the spectral type of the sun is also in agreement with the Extraterrestrial Intelligence hypothesis,” the researchers, EF Borra and E Trottier wrote in their paper.
The researchers also noted that further work will need to be done, in order to confirm or deny the hypothesis they have put forward. Doing so will require watching for the same signals on different equipment, aiding to discard all other explanations. This will be done by a so-called independent body."
"Locals Say as Many as 42 May Have Been Killed in 'Revenge' Attack   26, 2016 Share This 
Underscoring the group’s growing presence around Afghanistan, ISIS has launched a mass kidnapping and execution in Afghanistan’s Ghor Province today, rounding up and shooting dozens of civilians who were gathering firewood in the hills. 
The victims were nomads from the Kuchi group, and while it was initially thought the attack might’ve been part of an ethnic conflict in the area over sheep ownership, it has since been attributed to ISIS, who officials say has a growing presence in the area and a bone to pick with the Kuchi. 
That the victims were nomads is making it hard to nail down exactly how many people were killed, with official reports saying it was at least 30, and locals saying as many as 42 were missing and presumed to have been killed in the attack. 
Ghor is far afield from the areas ISIS has been previously reported to have a major presence in Afghanistan. Early on they were claimed to be confined to the Nangarhar Province, but have also set up some territorial possessions in the far south.  "
"Attack Hit a School, Killing Several Children   26, 2016 Share This 
According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a flurry of airstrikes today against the Idlib Province in northern Syria killed at least 35 civilians today, including an estimated 22 school children, when one of the strikes hit a school. 
The Observatory said they weren’t clear if the attacks were carried out by Syrian or Russian warplanes, though later reports from other sources attributed the attacks to the Syrians. The Idlib Province is controlled by the al-Qaeda-linked Nusra Front. 
This has made it a regular target for airstrikes, though the comparative lack of intelligence on the location of Nusra fighters means that the attacks have a tendency to hit civilian bystanders. Few Nusra fighters have been caught up in any of the recent strikes. 
The main fighting between Nusra and the Syrian military recently is over Aleppo, though there is also considerable tension along the border between Idlib and Latakia Provinces, with the Syrian military having talked up a potential invasion of Idlib from the coast for awhile.  "
"Russia Seeks to Expand Baltic Fleet as Troops Pour Into Eastern Europe by Jason Ditz, October 26, 2016 Share This 
A day after reports NATO was soliciting even more ground troops for their deployment into Eastern Europe, officials are reporting “progress” in recruiting more troops from more member nations to participate in the deployment, intended to be around 40,000 troops along the Baltic states, near Russia’s border. 
NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg claimed to have been “ very inspired ” by the response of nations he sought troops from, after yesterday’s report quoted diplomats as saying the deployment was meant to both “confront” Russia and to undercut Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s complaints NATO isn’t participating enough in its own defense. 
The new participants in the deployment include Albania, Slovenia, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Croatia, Belgium, and Norway. The size of individual deployments from different nations is unclear, but there will be four battalions, and the US is expected to provide the majority. 
With all these troops headed to the Baltic coast, reports out of Russia’s media suggest that they are planning some new warship deployments into their Baltic Fleet, with an eye toward enhancing their targeting capacity along the shore. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Fragment of Old Tax Bill Meant to Undercut Muslims' Claim to Important Mosque by Jason Ditz, October 26, 2016 Share This 
While the UNESCO resolution which recognized the al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem as a “Muslim holy site of worship” was barely reported around the world, and considered fairly non-controversial, Israeli officials have been expressing fury over the matter for two solid weeks. 
And the Muslims may have a huge, ancient mosque that has been a key part of Islam for 1,300 years, but Israel has a small strip of papyrus they found in a cave, which they’re pretty sure is a far more conclusive document, since it mentioned the word Jerusalem and was written in Hebrew. 
Israeli officials have claimed that the UNESCO resolution, in recognizing the mosque as important to Islam, was tantamount to denying Israel’s absolute and eternal control over the entire city of Jerusalem. Israeli Culture Minister Miri Regev said the papyrus strip proved Jerusalem “was and will remain the eternal capital of the Jewish people.” 
The al-Aqsa mosque was built on a site which is believed to have previously housed an important Jewish temple, and some Israelis advocate the eventual destruction of the mosque and the construction of a new temple, though the details of such a construction would be hugely religiously complicated, and since the destruction of the mosque would undoubtedly start a massive war, it is considered unlikely. Still, the far-right government wants to ensure that they have some international precedent for their claim to the territory. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Embargo Remains Politically Contentious Within the US   
For the first time ever, the US has abstained from the UN vote denouncing the ongoing US embargo of Cuba. The resolution passed through the general assembly 191-0, with the US and Israel the only ones abstaining. 
The UN has been voting overwhelmingly against the embargo for decades, but it is only in the past year that President Obama has started to criticize the embargo himself, and has sought to ease a lot of the long-standing restrictions on the island nation. 
The matter is hugely politically contentious within the US, however, with many in the Republican Congress condemning the White House for easing the restrictions, and the Congressional leadership so far preventing any more easing of the restrictions on commerce. 
The UN resolution itself is non-binding, and the real significance is not that it passed, but rather that the US abstained, which while reflecting the administration’s position is unusual, as it criticizes the US Congress internationally.  "
"Several Clashes Reported Around Country by Jason Ditz, October 26, 2016 Share This 
Fighting was reported in several areas around Yemen over the past 24 hours, with the ending of the 72-hour ceasefire leading to a substantial uptick in clashes in several areas, mostly in the northern half of the country. 
Three different incidents were reported, with the largest an exchange of artillery fire east of the capital city of Sanaa, in which 15 Houthis and 5 pro-Saudi fighters were slain. 11 more were killed in fighting at a border post, and six others were killed in Baida. 
The UN special envoy Ismail Ouid Cheikh Ahmed was in Yemen yesterday pushing proposals for a new peace process, though it as yet doesn’t appear that either side is willing to commit to anything, and only accepted the most recent 72-hour ceasefire because it came at the behest of US and British officials. 
Saudi Arabia attacked Yemen in March of 2015, vowing to reinstall former President Hadi in power. The war has continued since, with heavy airstrikes and a naval blockade, so far resulting in a split of the country along north-south boundaries, with the pro-Saudi forces centered on Aden, a southern port and former capital of South Yemen. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Frontline Troops Forced to Wait for Reinforcements by Jason Ditz, October 26, 2016 Share This 
After 10 days of upbeat reports on the invasion of Mosul, Iraqi special forces south of the city have run into their first major obstacle, with heavy resistance from ISIS forcing them to pause their advance and wait for additional reinforcements. 
While officials are treating this as a brief pause, it effectively means that ISIS has temporarily broken the southern advance into Mosul, and that only the northern advance, the Kurdish forces are still approaching the city. 
That could be a huge problem for the Iraqi government, as in addition to fighting ISIS they’re in a bit of a territorial battle w