ith the Kurdish Peshmerga. The Kurds have annexed a lot of territory they’ve captured, and that could make the Mosul offensive something of a race. 
It also raises concerns about the Iraqi military’s readiness for the offensive, as in the past they have not reacted well to military setbacks. The ISIS forces have been deploying a large number of car bombs to try to slow the offensive, and the addition of machine gun and sniper fire has ultimately stopped the advance. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Turkish Objections Won't Stop YPG's Involvement by Jason Ditz, October 26, 2016 Share This 
US Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend, the leader of the US military forces in Iraq and Syria , today announced that Kurdish YPG forces will participate in the invasion of the ISIS capital city of Raqqa, despite Turkish government demands that the Kurds not be allowed to take part. 
Townsend was a bit vague on the details of Kurdish involvement, saying the US are “going to take this in steps,” and that Turkey has to realize the only way that the US is going to have enough force to take over Raqqa any time soon is with a significant portion of the YPG involved. 
Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu reiterated that his government wants only “local forces” involved in the Raqqa battle, and that the YPG, who Turkey considers a terrorist organization, must not be allowed to take part in any way. 
Turkey’s military has been attacking the YPG in several locations around Syria over the past week, including heavy airstrikes which killed an estimated 200 YPG fighters who were engaged in an offensive against ISIS around Afrin. The Turkish government has repeatedly complained the YPG is gaining too much territory in Syria, and that they must abandon much of it. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Share This 
Looking over the global landscape, the areas most touched by US interventionist foreign policy are objectively in the worst, most desperate shape. The mainstream media will report that the current disaster in Syria came about because the people decided to stand up to a cruel dictator in the “Arab Spring” that swept through the greater Middle East in 2011, and that the dictator cracked down so hard it caused the violence to spin out of control. We know, of course, that is not the whole story. The US had been involved in fomenting unrest in Syria at least five years or more before violence broke out. A WikiLeaks-released cable from 2006 shows how hard the US Embassy in Damascus was working to figure out a way to overthrow the government. Shortly after the partially manufactured protests devolved into violence, the CIA moved in and began arming (and importing) rebels to finish the deed. In five years the country has been destroyed, hundreds of thousands killed, millions left without homes. 
Likewise, even most critics of the 2003 US attack on Iraq will try to salvage the philosophy of interventionism by claiming the only reason democracy hasn’t broken out is that the US military didn’t occupy the country long enough! As if being occupied by a foreign power is the route to responsible governance and the development of civil society! 
There are too many other examples to mention, even little-discussed areas like Somalia and Nigeria – with the latter falling prey to a radical Islamist gang, Boko Haram, that benefited from a region awash in weapons after the US-led attack on Libya opened the weapons depots. 
The US was actively involved in breaking up Sudan, which we were told was being run into the ground by “Arabs” ruling from the north who were abusing black Africans in the south. I was once invited to lunch by the Sudanese ambassador to Washington while I was working on the Hill and he asked me, “do I look like an Arab to you?” Needless to say, I doubt anyone would have guessed he was not what the US government considered a “black African.” His point was that the dispute was being created artificially by external sources. In fact the US and its allies were determined to break the country up (hint: it had a lot to do with oil) and would settle for any pretext. The result has not been the peaceful South Sudan ruled locally that was promised. Instead the new country launched with the help of “humanitarian interventionists” like US Ambassador to the UN Samantha Power has proven to be orders of magnitude worse off than when it was under Khartoum’s rule. 
The track record of US interventionism is so universally disastrous that slowly but steadily the rest of the world is pushing back against a US foreign policy that is making their own lives less safe. Hungarian prime minister Viktor Orban, for example, gave an interview to a German newspaper recently in which he singled out US foreign policy as a force for harm rather than good in the world. 
Said Orban: 
America believes in the exportation of democracy. This sounds good; however, wherever it has been tried, entire regions often became destabilized, the consequences of which are suffering, death and migration. Additionally, often anti-democratic, extremist forces rose to power as a result of the free elections. 
Believing in the democracy export is arrogant because it fails to take the cultural structures of the given regions into consideration. But whether you like it or not, it is the culture that determines the political culture. 
That is pretty pointed criticism coming from a close NATO ally and the representative of a pro-US, center-right government. But this week the Hungarians celebrate the 60th anniversary of their 1956 revolution to extricate themselves from under the Soviet boot, so it is understandable that they have the idea of national sovereignty fresh in their minds. 
In a recent episode of Ron Paul’s Liberty Report, we discussed Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte’s announcement last week that he wanted to separate his country from domination by US foreign policy. The US has been determined to use the Philippines as a weapon in its arsenal against a China newly assertive in the South China Sea, but many in the Philippines – the president included it seems – see little benefit to going on war footing against a neighbor with your ally thousands of miles away. 
What can the interventionists offer when the fruits of their philosophy are laid bare? Lies and obfuscation. Manipulation of media messages. Demonization of those who oppose the neoconservatives and “humanitarian” interventionists who run Washington’s foreign policy. But as Dr. Paul has said with increasing frequency lately, their failure is our big opportunity. We must educate ourselves on their failures and we must train ourselves to make the case for a pure noninterventionist foreign policy as the only way to keep us safe. 
Daniel McAdams is director of the The Ron Paul Institute for Peace & Prosperity . Reprinted from the Ron Paul Institute’s weekly review of the news, available exclusively to subscribers. Subscribe for free to RPI Updates. Read more by Daniel McAdams"
"Share This 
When FBI Director James Comey announced on July 5 that the Department of Justice would not seek the indictment of Hillary Clinton for failure to safeguard state secrets related to her email use while she was secretary of state, he both jumped the gun and set in motion a series of events that surely he did not intend. Was his hand forced by the behavior of FBI agents who wouldn’t take no for an answer? Did he let the FBI become a political tool? 
Here is the back story. 
The FBI began investigating the Clinton email scandal in the spring of 2015, when The New York Times revealed Clinton’s use of a private email address for her official governmental work and the fact that she did not preserve the emails on State Department servers, contrary to federal law. After an initial collection of evidence and a round of interviews, agents and senior managers gathered in the summer of 2015 to discuss how to proceed. It was obvious to all that a prima-facie case could be made for espionage, theft of government property and obstruction of justice charges. The consensus was to proceed with a formal criminal investigation. 
Six months later, the senior FBI agent in charge of that investigation resigned from the case and retired from the FBI because he felt the case was going ""sideways""; that’s law enforcement jargon for ""nowhere by design."" John Giacalone had been the chief of the New York City, Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., field offices of the FBI and, at the time of his ""sideways"" comment, was the chief of the FBI National Security Branch. 
The reason for the ""sideways"" comment must have been Giacalone’s realization that DOJ and FBI senior management had decided that the investigation would not work in tandem with a federal grand jury. That is nearly fatal to any government criminal case. In criminal cases, the FBI and the DOJ cannot issue subpoenas for testimony or for tangible things; only grand juries can. 
Giacalone knew that without a grand jury, the FBI would be toothless, as it would have no subpoena power. He also knew that without a grand jury, the FBI would have a hard time persuading any federal judge to issue search warrants. A judge would perceive the need for search warrants to be not acute in such a case because to a judge, the absence of a grand jury can only mean a case is ""sideways"" and not a serious investigation. 
As the investigation dragged on in secret and Donald Trump simultaneously began to rise in the Republican presidential primaries, it became more apparent to Giacalone’s successors that the goal of the FBI was to exonerate Clinton, not determine whether there was enough evidence to indict her. In late spring of this year, agents began interviewing the Clinton inner circle. 
When Clinton herself was interviewed on July 2 – for only four hours, during which the interviewers seemed to some in the bureau to lack aggression, passion and determination – some FBI agents privately came to the same conclusion as their former boss: The case was going sideways. 
A few determined agents were frustrated by Clinton’s professed lack of memory during her interview and her oblique reference to