 a recent head injury she had suffered as the probable cause of that. They sought to obtain her medical records to verify the gravity of her injury and to determine whether she had been truthful with them. They prepared the paperwork to obtain the records, only to have their request denied by Director Comey himself on July 4. 
Then some agents did the unthinkable; they reached out to colleagues in the intelligence community and asked them to obtain Clinton’s medical records so they could show them to Comey. We know that the National Security Agency can access anything that is stored digitally, including medical records. These communications took place late on July 4. 
When Comey learned of these efforts, he headed them off the next morning with his now infamous news conference, in which he announced that Clinton would not be indicted because the FBI had determined that her behavior, though extremely careless, was not reckless, which is the legal standard in espionage cases. He then proceeded to recount the evidence against her. He did this, no doubt, to head off the agents who had sought the Clinton medical records, whom he suspected would leak evidence against her. 
Three months later – and just weeks before Clinton will probably be elected president – we have learned that President Barack Obama regularly communicated with Clinton via her personal email servers about matters that the White House considered classified. That means that he lied when he told CBS News that he learned of the Clinton servers when the rest of us did. 
We also learned this week that Andrew McCabe, Giacalone’s successor as head of the FBI Washington field office and presently the No. 3 person in the FBI, is married to a woman to whom the Clinton money machine in Virginia funneled about $675,000 in lawful campaign funds for a failed 2015 run for the Virginia Senate. Comey apparently saw no conflict or appearance of impropriety in having the person in charge of the Clinton investigation in such an ethically challenged space. 
Why did this case go sideways? 
Did President Obama fear being a defense witness at Hillary Clinton’s criminal trial? Did he so fear being succeeded in office by Donald Trump that he ordered the FBI to exonerate Clinton, the rule of law be damned? Did the FBI lose its reputation for fidelity to law, bravery under stress and integrity at all times? 
This is not your grandfather’s FBI – or your father’s. It is the Obama FBI. 
Andrew P. Napolitano, a former judge of the Superior Court of New Jersey, is the senior judicial analyst at Fox News Channel. Judge Napolitano has written seven books on the US Constitution. The most recent is Suicide Pact: The Radical Expansion of Presidential Powers and the Lethal Threat to American Liberty . To find out more about Judge Napolitano and to read features by other Creators Syndicate writers and cartoonists, visit www.creators.com . 
COPYRIGHT 2016 ANDREW P. NAPOLITANO – DISTRIBUTED BY CREATORS.COM Read more by Andrew P. Napolitano"
"Share This The United Nations estimates that over 10,500 people have been displaced by operations in the Mosul region, so far, and expects that number to rise rapidly as troops close in on the city itself. Security forces have assisted in the evacuation of hundreds of people, while others have escaped on their own. Special forces are closing in on Kokjili , while Qalat and Jenin were captured . Peshmerga forces are approaching Tel Keif , where they have seized a gas plant, and dozens of militants have been killed . They also fought with militants in Fadiliyah . Dirk village was liberated . Shi’ite militiamen and military forces are clearing out Shura . Dozens of militants were killed in airstrikes there. At least 256 people were killed and seven were wounded : M.P. Abdulrahim Shamari , chair of Parliament’s human rights committee, reported that 232 civilians were executed in Hammam al-Alil , just south of Mosul. Most of the victims were former security personnel who had been kidnapped along with their families. In Mosul , an airstrike killed five civilians and wounded seven more ; eight militants were also killed . Two teenagers killed a militant , but then were pursued by other Daesh members. Their fate is unknown. A man was shot dead while trying to escape Daesh relocating hostages/human shields in Nana . Read more by Margaret Griffis"
"Yesterday was the 15th anniversary of President George W. Bush signing the PATRIOT Act into law. It was supposed to be only a temporary measure to address the emergency situation caused by the attacks of 9/11. Fifteen years later it has been re-authorized many times and last year some of its worst parts were codified into law in the USA FREEDOM Act. From the War Powers Resolution, to the FISA Court, to the “reform” USA FREEDOM Act, bills that were designed to rein in government abuses end up just giving government more power. Is there anything we can do about it? Ron Paul Institute Senior Fellow Adam Dick joins today’s Ron Paul Liberty Report to discuss:

Reprinted from The Ron Paul Institute for Peace & Prosperity . 
"
"Hadi Would Be Figurehead to Placate Saudis by Jason Ditz, October 27, 2016 Share This 
Heavily backed by Saudi Arabia, former Yemeni President Abd-Rabbu Mansour Hadi’s ambition to return as the ruler of Yemen appears to be waning, with a new UN peace plan proposal making the rounds that would sideline him more or less entirely. 
Hadi’s position has been contentious from the start. “Elected” in 2012 in a UN-mandated vote in which no opposition was allowed, Hadi was supposed to serve two years in office leading to a new constitution and free elections. The constitution never happened, and Hadi extended his reign unilaterally in 2014. He resigned in January 2015 when his anti-Houthi military offensive turned sour and he lost the capital. 
The Saudis, primarily opposed to the Houthis because they’re Shi’ites, insists to this day that Hadi remains the rightful ruler, and in March 2015 attacked Yemen, vowing to reinstall him. While the Houthis have expressed openness to a unity government that ends the conflict, they’ve also opposed it involving Hadi or his vice president Ali Mushin Ahmar, who they say were too corrupt to work with in a transitional government. 
The UN plan seems largely to agree, as it would require Ahmar to resign outright, and would allow Hadi to remain only as a figurehead with no real power, instead seeking to stack the government with people both sides are likely to accept. 
The decision to leave Hadi in at all appears to be designed to placate the Saudis, who vowed to reinstall him through their war, and would be able to claim that they succeeded under this deal, even if it ultimately means Hadi doesn’t get any power. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Share This 
Vice Admiral Kevin Donegan today claimed the US and other members of the Saudi-led naval blockade of Yemen had captured four ships with arms which they are claiming both came from Iran and were bound for Yemen, where they would’ve delivered the weapons to the Houthi movement. 
The vice admiral claimed the US “knows” both where the ships came from and where they were going because they interviewed the crews of the captured ships. Only one of the four putative weapons ships was validated by the United Nations as being an actual smuggling attempt. 
Donegan went on to claim that he believes Iran is “connected in some way” to recent incidents of missiles fired at a US ship off the Yemeni coast, though the Pentagon conceded one of those incidents likely never happened, and he offered no evidence of Iranian involvement in anything else. 
The allegations were likely made by way of justifying US attacks on the Yemeni coast, as well as justifying Saudi Arabia’s ongoing naval blockade of Yemen, which Saudi Arabia recently denied is happening.  "
"Claims of Russian Threats 'Simply Stupid' by Jason Ditz, October 27, 2016 Share This 
Complaining about Western “hysteria” surrounding repeated predictions of Russian military attacks on NATO member nations, Russian President Vladimir Putin sought to resolve two solid years of predictions to that effect with a straightforward assurance that “Russia is not going to attack anyone .” 
Putin accused Western nations of having “mythical, dreamt-up problems,” and insisted the idea that Russia was going to attack the West was “ simply stupid and unrealistic .” He added that he believes the idea is being played up to justify bigger military spending. 
The Russian president also sought to dismiss allegations that he is plotting to rig the US elections to his own benefit, noting that the US is a great power and not some banana republic with an easily manipulated political system. Russia has repeatedly denied involvement in such plots. 
NATO has played up the Russian threat to justify sending over 40,000 ground troops to the Russian border, with ever-growing numbers announced all the time. Such predictions started after the ouster of a pro-Russian government in Ukraine led to a civil war in that country’s east, with NATO military leaders repeatedly predicting Russian tanks rolling across Ukraine into NATO countries.  "
"Forces Still Several Kilometers From Mosul by Jason Ditz, October 27, 2016 Share This 
Adding to the upbeat official assessment of the invasion of Mosul, Centcom chief Gen. Joseph Votel today told the press that he believes the forces involved have “ probably killed about 800-900 ISIS fighters ” in the past week and a half. 
By contrast, Votel insisted that only 57 Iraqi troops were killed, and another 30 Kurdish Peshmerga. Unmentioned was a US soldier also killed in the fighting, embedded with the Peshmerga and killed by a roadside bomb north of Mosul. 
It is difficult to get accurate information on ISIS casualties, and the official figures from Iraqi officials are almost always dramatically overstated in an effort to sell the war as a runaway success. There are reasons to be skeptical about the 800-900 figure, however. 
The main reason is that Iraqi and Kurdish forces are still several kilomters away from the outskirts of Mosul, mostly occup