ying empty villages, and while ISIS has sent out some forces of skirmishers to slow their advance, it is believed the vast majority of their defensive forces have remained in Mosul, gearing up for the eventual attack and setting assorted traps. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Insists US Has 'Sense of Urgency' in Taking Over ISIS Capital by Jason Ditz, October 27, 2016 Share This 
US officials in the past few days have kept talking up an imminent invasion of the ISIS capital city of Raqqa, despite so much focus presently on Mosul, and despite the obvious huge problems its going to cause between Turkey and the Kurdish YPG. 
Lt. Gen. Stephen Townsend, the US commander in Iraq, insists the US has decided it doesn’t have a choice in the matter, and feels a “ sense of urgency ” to take over Raqqa before any of the ISIS leadership in that city is able to plan any retaliatory strikes against Western targets. 
“We’ve got to get to Raqqa pretty soon,” Townsend insisted, claiming that the capture of Manbij a couple of months ago uncovered ISIS plots to attack France and the US, and they are convinced even more plots are ongoing within Raqqa. 
ISIS is estimated to have around 4,000 troops in Raqqa, and the attack will require the Kurdish YPG to commit substantial portions of its force to the area. That’s problematic, because Turkey has in the past attacked them when they were fighting ISIS, and has warned the US not to allow any Kurds into Raqqa. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Rep. Schiff: US Doesn't Want to Provoke Retaliation Before Vote by Jason Ditz, October 27, 2016 Share This 
While the Obama Administration has made much of its intention to start a full-scale cyberwar against Russia at a “time of their choosing,” the most recent reports suggest that the war is effectively on hold at least until the presidential election in two weeks. 
From President Obama’s standpoint, the hope is to work with Hillary Clinton, if she becomes president-elect, to launch a cyber war that they both can get behind. Indeed, both have appeared very hawkish against Russia, and Obama apparently doesn’t want to deny Clinton a chance to participate in the early days of a war she’d inherit. 
Starting a cyberwar ahead of a Trump win would be even less wise, as Trump has opposed the idea of picking fights with Russia, and expressed strong doubts about Democratic Party “certainty” that Russia is behind hacks against them. 
Rep. Adam Schiff (D – CA), the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, says that another factor is concern about provoking Russian retaliation for such a US attack before the vote, with many Democrats concerned Russia could release “forged” documents to embarrass the Clinton campaign. 
Earlier this month, Vice President Joe Biden reported that he has informed Russia of an imminent retaliatory hack, and says the Obama Administration will pick a time which will “have the greatest impact.” Russia has denied any involvement in the hacks. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Turkey Repeatedly Demanded US Not Allow Kurds to Participate by Jason Ditz, October 27, 2016 Share This 
US officials are making clear that they intend to invade Raqqa really soon, with the ISIS capital scheduled to be attacks in the middle of the ongoing offensive against the city of Mosul. But while the Mosul invasion has a coalition of at least sort of friendly factions participating. No such coalition exists for Raqqa. 
Indeed, the US has insisted that the Kurdish YPG will be the overwhelming majority of the force, because they’re the only force available in the area with enough fighters to realistically attack the city. Yet Turkey has been outright livid over this, and has repeatedly demanded that the Kurds not be allowed anywhere near Raqqa. 
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan insists his country will be invading Raqqa, along with the YPG-held city of Manbij, very soon, and while they’ll doubtless also do some fighting against ISIS on the way, it’s pretty clear this is going to include some heavy fighting with the Kurds . 
That’s likely to complicate, and potentially outright derail, the invasion of Raqqa, as the Kurdish YPG can’t fight ISIS and Turkey at the same time, and the US seems wholly incapable of keeping Turkey from launching attacks on the Kurds in the middle of anti-ISIS operations. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Troops Brag of Having Shot Some Fleeing Mosul by Jason Ditz, October 27, 2016 Share This 
While UN officials claim they’re carefully monitoring the treatment of those displaced from Mosul and haven’t documented any abuses, the troops occupying checkpoints through which the civilians have to flee are telling a different story, involving mass detentions and summary execution. 
The Associated Press quoted one of those manning a checkpoint, named Dhia Amir, as having bragged of not only “arresting” over 100 people, handing them over to police forces, but of having personally shot and killed two men who he claims to have “known” were fleeing ISIS fighters. 
This has been a recurring problem in Iraq’s wars against ISIS, as Shi’ite dominated security forces and allied militias are immediately distrustful of Sunni Arabs fleeing the ISIS cities, and don’t need much pretext for a detention, or to disappear people outright. 
“A 13-year-old boy can still kill,” Amir noted, defending the crackdown on fleeing civilians. “And even if he doesn’t kill me, one day he could kill my son.” That, ultimately, has been the basis on which much of the war has been fought, and the main reason why sectarian tensions are only growing. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Air Force General Attributes It to Lousy Russian Pilot by Jason Ditz, October 28, 2016 Share This 
The US Air Force is claiming a “ near miss ” in the skies of Syria last week, in which a Russian jet that was escorting a spy plane came within “half a mile” of a US warplane. The incident was at night and none of the planes had any lights on. 
US Air Force Lt. Gen. Jeff Harrigian chalked the matter up to inferior Russian pilots, saying that it was because the pilot did not have “the necessary situational awareness” and simply didn’t see that there was a US warplane flying around in the area. 
The US is eager to hype any such incidents as proof of Russia’s “unsafe and unprofessional behavior” in Syria, though a major factor in this is that the US dramatically curtailed information sharing with Russia in Syria after the last ceasefire failed. 
Details on the incident are still minimal, but it was described as happening in “eastern Syria.” This is unusual because, while Russian warplanes tend to operate in that area, where al-Qaeda’s Nusra Front holds significant territory, the US generally does not, and US airstrikes are more or less exclusively in the northwest of the country. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Attack Targeted Home of Suspected 'Taliban Commander' by Jason Ditz, October 28, 2016 Share This 
A US drone strike has killed and wounded a number of civilians in Afghanistan’s Nangarhar Province today, though exact numbers are as yet unclear, with officials claiming that the home at the center of the attack was owned by a suspected Taliban commander. 
The putative commander does not appear to have been among the casualties, though at least four people were killed within the house, and the blast also wounded a number of people in the surrounding area. At least seven children and five women are in the hospital for treatment related to the strike. 
Official Afghan statements only labeled the 12 wounded as civilians, and everyone else was not a civilian. Locals offered varying estimates, and the Taliban claimed two civilians killed and over 30 wounded in their own report on the attack. 
The Nangarhar Province has been heavily targeted by US warplanes over the past several months, though generally trying to tamp down a growing ISIS faction therein. The Taliban has had a presence in Nangarhar throughout the US occupation, as indeed they have almost everywhere along the Pakistan border. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Putin Still Hopes to See Moderate Rebels Separated From Nusra Front by Jason Ditz, October 28, 2016 Share This 
Russian President Vladimir Putin has officially rejected a request from his nation’s Defense Ministry to endorse a resumption of Russian airstrikes against the Syrian city of Aleppo, after 10 straight days of no Russian airstrikes being conducted. 
Russia launched a brief ceasefire in Aleppo last week, and extended it for four days. Even after it officially expired, they have not resumed strikes against the city, with officials saying they want to convince Western nations to separate the moderate rebel factions within East Aleppo from the al-Qaeda-linked Nusra Front. 
So far that’s not been working so well, as indeed separating the two was the primary goal of a weeklong ceasefire a month ago, and a public US call to separate never amounted to anything. After that, the idea appears to have been given up on by the US, and Russia has also sought Turkey and Saudi Arabia’s influence on the more moderate factions. 
As the rebel factions are launching a new offensive trying to brief the Aleppo siege, the Russian defense ministry has gone to the unusual step of publicly announcing their request to Putin, and Putin’s very public rejection may suggest there is some debate within the Russian leadership on how to proceed. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Offensive Aims to Reopen Supply Lines to Nusra-Held East by Jason Ditz, October 28, 2016 Share This 
With al-Qaeda’s Nusra Front losing territory in recent weeks around Aleppo, and seeing their main stronghold in the city’s east increasingly surrounded, the group and some of its allies have launched a new offensive south of the city aimed at opening the supply lines back up. 
Clashes have been reported throughout the day in several areas around government-held western Aleppo , with the attackers coming from further west, likely reinforcements from Nusra’s main territory, the Idlib Province. Locals described substantial fighting. 
This has been a recurring feature i