, and in spite of his many inconsistencies, one indisputable fact remains: the Republican party, which cheered as George W. Bush launched two wars and declared a multi-generational interventionist project, very shortly afterward nominated someone who not only opposed the Iraq war but said “They lied. There were no weapons of mass destruction and they knew there were none .” That, all by itself, represents a sea change. But it didn’t end there. 
Trump has questioned the utility of NATO, and even threatened to pull out if member states didn’t pay their fair share – a pronouncement that, just a short time ago, would have been inconceivable coming from any major part presidential nominee. He wondered aloud why we’re defending South Korea, Japan, and Saudi Arabia , all rich nations that are perfectly capable of defending themselves. And he provoked the undying ire of the War Party when he asked : “Wouldn’t it be nice if we could get along with Russia?” 
Underscoring that he understands the broader implications of these positions, Trump adopted a campaign theme that evokes the historical legacy of the anti-interventionist movement in this country: “America First.” This provoked paroxysms of hatred from the foreign policy mandarins in Washington, who loathe “isolationism” — and their squeals of outrage were music to my ears. 
Thirdly, the Trump campaign has generated the healthiest trend to be seen in this country in a long time: widespread skepticism, and even hatred, of the “mainstream” media. Trump has campaigned against the media almost more than he has against Hillary Clinton, making them a special target of his disdain. “See those people out there,” he says at his rallies, pointing to the media in attendance. “They’re the worst! They’re corrupt!” And as a chorus of jeers rises up from the crowd, we can count another victory for our side. 
For the very same media that served as a conduit for the war propaganda of the Bush administration is now going after Trump, hammer and tongs , in an unabashed campaign to deny him the presidency. The result is that nearly half the country is now not only skeptical of anything they hear coming from the media, they positively loathe them – and that, from our perspective, is a Good Thing. 
Remember, it was the American media that assured us Saddam Hussein was plotting to nuke Washington, D.C., and reported the Bush administration’s talking points as if they were fact. The same newspaper that put Judy Miller’s manufactured “revelations” about Iraq’s alleged nuclear program on the front page is now in the vanguard of the anti-Trump jihad. The Washington Post , which has editorially supported every single military intervention in the past 35 years, today reads like a publication of the Democratic National Committee. 
The revelation that the media, rather than being a watchdog of Power, is itself an integral part of the power structure, is one of the great contributions of the Trump campaign. In the past, journalists, hiding behind the pretense of “objectivity,” have effectively channeled the War Party’s propaganda, reporting it as fact: now that this pretense has been dropped, and their brazen partisanship has been exposed, much of their power to persuade has been lost. 
The media and the Establishment they serve are telling us that all this will go away after the election. Having already declared Mrs. Clinton the winner, they’re gloating that Trumpism – and the Trump Effect – is dead or dying. 
This is wishful thinking on their part. The reality is that there’s an undercurrent coursing through Flyover America that threatens the ideological and political hegemony of the War Party, and, indeed, poses a rising challenge to our arrogant and self-isolated political class. Trump has tapped into this, and he will not be the last to do so. The movement to put “America First,” to reject the blandishments of Empire and restore our Old Republic, far from being dead, is just being born. 
Yes, dark clouds are gathering on the horizon: but if you step back, the silver lining shines through. 
NOTES IN THE MARGIN 
You can check out my Twitter feed by going here . But please note that my tweets are sometimes deliberately provocative, often made in jest, and largely consist of me thinking out loud. 
You can buy An Enemy of the State: The Life of Murray N. Rothbard (Prometheus Books, 2000), my biography of the great libertarian thinker, here . Read more by Justin Raimondo Assange’s Fate – October 18th, 2016 Trumped! – October 16th, 2016 Click here to hide comments Michael Gillespie 
If he loses the election by a significant margin, won’t many of the entirely legitimate issues and questions Trump has raised be submerged again by his defeat? And doesn’t the mere fact that it is Trump who has raised these issues and questions de-legitimize them in the eyes of those who (with the assistance of anti-Trump ads and Big Media reportage) can see only Trump’s character flaws? TonyDiGerolamo 
Was thinking the same thing. However, if the media so brazenly lies, why not the pollsters? Maybe Trump isn’t losing by much or not at all. Maybe the powers that be want it to look like Trump is losing so that stealing the election won’t be questioned. Eileen Kuch 
The truth is, Tony, this election’s already being rigged. Many voters in Texas alone who’ve voted early have complained about their votes being switched from Republican to Democrat. This vote switch has already proved Trump to be right about the election being rigged. The Donald already has a lawsuit in place, should he lose this election. This lawsuit contains a complaint that voters in GOP districts had been intimidated by violent groups such as Black Lives Matter (BLM) and Marxist activists and threatened with violence if they (the voters) voted for Trump. It is a felony to intimidate and threaten violence against voters in an election. Period. Those participating in this tactic must be immediately arrested and charged accordingly. 
“Many voters in Texas alone who’ve voted early have complained about their votes being switched from Republican to Democrat.” 
And yet, despite the ubiquity of smart phones, not a single one has shown it actually happening. Strider73 
Do you really think the people in charge of the machines would allow anyone to get out his/her phone and take such a photo or video? Nor would they allow someone else to do so on another voter’s behalf. Thane_Eichenauer 
Personally I believe the touch screen calibration explanation by and large. Half the reports I also attribute to user error. If you can’t use a touch screen you probably aren’t capable of capturing the error on a smart phone. Those people that are adept with computers, touch screens and smart phones won’t have the problem in the first place. I would think there would still be a captured report but Strider73 below does make a good point. wars r u.s. Thomas L. Knapp 
Interesting point. 
I think it’s worth comparing Trump to Ron Paul on that. Paul was right on foreign policy, right on trade, and at least not as egregiously wrong and anti-American as Trump on immigration. And while he did energize a movement, he pretty much got nowhere in the GOP presidential nomination race. 
Trump sometimes gets something right on foreign policy, usually five minutes or so before reversing himself. He doesn’t reverse himself on his egregiously wrong and anti-American positions on trade and immigration. 
So I guess the lesson is, if you want to be the Republican presidential nominee, be as wrong as it’s humanly possible to be on most issues all of the time, and on the rest of the issues some of the time. 
I’m guessing that the occasional sense he talks on foreign policy will be, as you put it, once again submerged if he loses the election. Skywalker 
Trump’s candidacy is more like Barry Goldwater’s than Ron Paul’s. Unlike Paul,Trump got the nomination and like Goldwater he redefined the parameters of national debate. Goldwater’s defeat emboldened conservatives to lose national elections on their principles for 16 years until Reagan was elected. Trump questioned some of the underpinnings of the Neocons. Unfortunately he was as pro-Zionist as any other candidate, including Clinton and as militaristic as the Neocons. Trump just saw the existential enemies of the US as ISIS and China, not Russia. Instead Trump wanted to push the allies and Russia to the front lines against ISIS and China with the US backing them up. But Trump’s enduring popularity and the independence of the Sanders supporters showed that the Neocons and the MSM are losing control of public opinion and the national discourse. All the polls show that Trump will do much better than Goldwater. So we may be closer to a real antiwar candidate than the MSM would like us to believe. Finally, it is too early to count Trump out. Florida, Ohio and North Carolina are still close and a timely WikiLeaks dump could still swing those states and the election. 
“Finally, it is too early to count Trump out. Florida, Ohio and North Carolina are still close and a timely WikiLeaks dump could still swing those states and the election.” 
Unless something changes, I still expect Trump to win. 
A lot of people are mistakenly looking at this as a national election. It isn’t. It’s 50 state elections (plus DC and the territories, although if I recall correctly the territories get no electoral votes and so don’t really matter except as preference polls). 
If Clinton wins California 55-45, she gets exactly the same number of electoral votes as if she wins it 70-30. If she loses Texas 51-49, she is no closer to its electoral votes than if she loses it 80-20. So when she gains in national polls, it’s important to realize that WHERE those gains are coming from matters. 
It’s also quite likely that many Trump voters aren’t admitting they are Trump voters, even on the phone to pollsters. There’s a stigma in some areas. 
I expect Trump to win any state that the polls have him within five points of carrying. And I expect him to win the election. disqus_eEbPU3I