GDU 
My guess is Trump wins in a squeaker, but the Democrats steal the election and Hillary becomes president. Eileen Kuch 
I expect Trump to win in a near landslide. Well over 70% of eligible voters have already said they’d never vote for Hillary Clinton, and a good number are millennials who had supported Bernie Sanders during the primaries and who are now furious over Bernie’s betrayal of them at the end, but still blame Hillary. In these young people’s minds, Trump is the next best choice as POTUS. They know how corrupt the Hildabeast truly is, how desperate she is to gain the Oval Office – even by rigging the election in her favor. After all, she had done it to Bernie in the primaries. However, Trump has more determination at winning the Oval Office than had Bernie. He also had stronger opposition. richard vajs 
If Hillary does win (and we can count on Bill pulling every dirty trick out of his evil mind to ensure that), one thing that we can count on – 4 years of legislation to prevent any Populist like Bernie or Trump from ever getting another foothold on the Ladder of Power in this country. The elite don’t ever want to have to worry about the “little people” getting uppity again. Remember, This is Their Country. wars r u.s. comrade hermit 
Ron Paul, like him or loath him, was/is a legitimate pacifist. Trump is a knuckle-dragging malignant narcissist who would drone strike a fourth grade slumber party for prank phone-calling him. BIG f**king difference there. I don’t believe the good Doctor Paul has earned such a slur. His son maybe but leave the old man out of this one. Just sayin. supremeborg 
“Ron Paul, like him or loath him, was/is a legitimate pacifist” 
Just a slight correction to your terminology. Ron Paul is not, technically, a pacifist, in spite of the fact that he would have opposed every war the US has been in save the original war of Revolution. He upholds the legitimacy of violence used in self defense, at least some of the time, in some cases 
Your point is well taken, however, as he is the most consistent anti-interventionist to have served in Congress in my lifetime. 
There are different interpretations of pacifism. Many people, including myself, consider themselves to be pacifists but still defend the right to self defense. Joe Flack 
And Big Media has at least three years to work with. By the next presidential election cycle, Trump and his message will very likely be all but forgotten. John V. Walsh 
Good column. A correction. Justin writes, “The same newspaper that put Judy Miller’s manufactured “revelations” about Iraq’s alleged nuclear program on the front page is now in the vanguard of the anti-Trump jihad. It was not only Judith Miller that authored the article but she and co-author Michael R. Gordon who has remained the “Chief Military Correspondent” of the NYT. The despicable Miller took the hit when the lies of the article could no longer be denied but the despicable Gordon continued on. And the article was obviously a pile of assertions without evidence save for hearsay. That was obvious to me and I have not served as an editor since my high school newspaper. The editors who passed on that piece of shit should also be sent to some gulag, their existence there to be supervised by parents and children of Iraqis and Americans who lost their lives in the War on Iraq. Strider73 
The editors who passed on that piece of shit should also be sent to some gulag, . . . 
Nah, just hang them (or if one is more frugal, give them one bullet to the head each like the Chinese do) for crimes against humanity. Julius Streicher was executed at Nürnberg simply for publishing a virulently anti-Jewish tabloid ; under that standard they deserve the same. Mikhailovich 
By independent mass media they mean mass media independent from the state. This idea promoted by those few mass media corporations who own the mass media and together with other corporations they own the state. Very few people own almost everything. You can’t change situation by attacking the correspondents and editors, they are employed people. Here I shut up, one can’t touch the Sacred Golden Bull, the worshippers would be insulted. Joe Flack 
Somehow, in the US, ‘America First’ is interpreted as being a racist and misogynistic proclamation. richard vajs 
I can just see a smiling Bill Clinton leaning back and saying, “look, here is how we win this thing, Hil. – Divide and Conquer – millions of women are anxious to battle “abuse and prejudice against women and teach an abuser a lesson!”. Not very original, but effective- was effective in the “Change , you can believe in” ad campaign eight years ago. Four years from now, the same women will still have lousy or no jobs; money will still be being spent in the Mid East bombing Muslims for Israel; the Clintons and their friends will be building bigger mansions, and a new generation of Americans will be ready for another round of shearing. Luther Blissett 
I enjoy the optimism of this column but I’m witnessing the opposite – many worthy anti-globalist & anti-war ideas are being tarred and deeply poisoned by having such a truly unlikable and wildly unstable politician claim them as his own. Making the case against toppling Assad was easier before Trump started blabbering on about Assad & Putin ‘outsmarting’ America. 
Trump has tapped into real populist frustration, especially in the working class & the underemployed youth, but he is simply far too incoherent and repellent to do anything with it besides waste it on his own vanity. 
Right-wing hatred of the ‘liberal media’ has been at a scalding boil since the Vietnam war so I don’t think Trump should get any credit for that – but it would be nice that when the next big terrorist attack in the ‘homeland’ occurs if the Red States were skeptical because if Hillary is president the Blue States are going shove the American flag down everyone’s throat and floss them with it. 
Those so called “polls” are made in secret, right? Why would you trust that? bob balkas 
Compare “our political class committed to globalist ideology” with my: Our master class along with a sub-master class on the road to obtain the entire planet and permanent rule of the world master class of all subclasses or ‘lower-valued’ bipeds. 
Curioso is also the term, “we the anti-interventionists”. The term means that US intervenes when something goes wrong in other countries. But the naked facts say otherwise. US not only commits crimes against some nations, but before it does those crimes, it almost always first destabilizes them in too many ways to list them all. After all, many nations and people believe that CIA is the biggest terrorist organization. 
The Nation Gang; aka Nato no longer utile, according to Trump? Even if Trump wins, someone would explain to him that such a gang will be very useful to world gangsterism and supremacy of the master class. disqus_eEbPU3IGDU 
Very very very well put. Justin might have added that for a long time the MSM in the so-called Free World were even worse that the government-controlled media in Communist countries and dictatorships. In the Free World, the MSM have not been under formal government control, so this makes them seem objective so that what they say is more believable and their power is greater. If in fact they do sometimes print something that Washington really doesn’t like, that’s just good psychology because it reinforces the impression that MSM really are independent watchdogs of government. By contrast, in the Communist countries and dictatorships, the media have been under formal government ownership. As this fact could not of course have been hidden from the people, the latter naturally tended to discount what they read in the media because they knew that the media were biased. Claus-Erik Hamle 
Trump may win. In Colombia there was no doubt that it would be “yes”, but unfortunately, it ended “no”. So really, it´s impossible to know. Does she really mean that she´ll nake a no-fly zone no matter that it leads to war with Syria and Russia? disqus_eEbPU3IGDU 
This is a crazy election, the craziest since at least 1968. In such a crazy and unusual situation, what do the polls mean? YouAreNuts 
The only silver lining I’ve seen this week is the acquittal of the Bundy Ranch protesters. Hopefully the Finnicum family make a mint (of taxpayer money) in a lawsuit for the unnecessary shooting of Lavoy. 
Elsewhere, I have to agree with Assange; Trump probably can’t overcome the almost complete propaganda and intimidation blitz against his campaign by the MSM and hackjob Democrat browbeaters and Jackboot thugs. 
Once Hillary is in, it won’t so much be her forcing policy down her throat; it will be the entire Dem machine and presstitute corp as mentioned above… Assange, btw, will probably get renditioned or taken out.. 
Since it’s logistically difficult to impossible for millions to stream into DC to squat and demand justice, I don’t really see any threat of consequences for whatever atrocious policies that the sadists in Washington implement. Eileen Kuch 
Regarding Hillary’s so-called “victory”, I have to disagree. With every revelation of her crimes by Wikileaks, the Hildabeast’s chances of winning the election grow slimmer and slimmer, as her poll ratings take hit after hit after hit. The DNC’S and the Hillary Campaign’s involvement in violence against Trump supporters doesn’t help her campaign, either .. Instead, such intimidation only backfires on the DNC and the Hillary Campaign. It has boosted Trump’s chances of winning the election. There’s still one more “surprise” from Wikileaks yet to be released, and what it contains may destroy Hillary’s chances. Aion The Irredeemable 
It almost seems as though Justin has accepted reality and is now supporting Donald Trump. Has he seen the light or is he now pandering to the huge numbers of his followers who have left the Libertarian camp to become true conservatives? I don’t think I’ll be returning to the liberal/libertarian point of view but it’s a good sign that Justin h