as accepted the fact that Donald Trump represents the only force that will defeat the social marxists and their agenda of the New World Order/Globalists. 
“It almost seems as though Justin has accepted reality and is now supporting Donald Trump.” 
That’s a one or the other kind of thing. Claus-Erik Hamle 
Will President Clinton insist on a no-fly zone, even if it means war with Syria and Russia ? Is she mad, crazy, nuts, insane, bonkers ? Strider73 
Is she mad, crazy, nuts, insane, bonkers? 
All of the above, and worse. Account Exec 
Remember how the British and U.S. media assured us that Brexit was doomed to failure? Getting a whiff of the same scenario playing out here with all the “assurances” of a Clinton victory. Might even get to enjoy another Wikileaks bomb or two before it’s all said and done. wars r u.s. 
Trump’s biggest problem with the media is that they print all the stupid s**t he says. He hardly made people realize how corrupt our corporate media is unless they were living under rocks for the last 40 years. We have two lousy choices no matter how hard people cherry pick what the Donald spews. comrade hermit 
Trump is not the cause of these growing trends. He is a symptom of them and not exactly a positive one. When empires are in decline, the aggrieved masses often look to authority figures to save them from the inevitable death of a way of life. In this country we call that dying way of life the “American Dream”. A dream of stability and upward mobility that has been in decline for decades but is now in free fall. The Donald cannot save this dream. No one can. It is built upon the lie of state capitalism which is inherently unsustainable and built to self-destruct. Our only hope for real change is a total shift in the way we approach the very notion of modern society. This change cannot come from above, from an authoritarian savior figure. It must come from bellow, from the streets, and it must be divorced from the outdated left-right paradigm. Anti-statists and anti-imperialists of all stripes must join together in solidarity and bring this beast called empire to its knees where it belongs. Strider73 
Three words for anyone who thinks the Lizard Queen has it sewn up because of the polls: 
DEWEY DEFEATS TRUMAN"
"Nine Others Wounded in 'Friendly Fire' Attack by Jason Ditz, October 29, 2016 Share This 
As Iraqi forces continue to struggle to get closer to the ISIS city of Mosul during the ongoing invasion, a US friendly fire incident has been reported in the town of Tal-Kayf, a town which fell quite some time ago and in which recent fighting hadn’t been reported. 
According to Iraqi military officials, the US airstrikes against the town killed at least four Iraqi soldiers and wounded nine others . The details are still scant on what happened, and the US has yet to comment on the incident at all. 
Iraqi officials are chalking it up as a mistake, but it is unclear why the town would be struck by US planes in the first place, as the Iraqi troops had been there for almost a week and there did not appear to be ISIS forces in the immediate vicinity. 
Iraqi forces confirmed the incident amid an announcement of more villages captured in the area west of Mosul. Many of the villages more than 5 km from the city have already fallen, and ISIS appears to be only sparsely defending those that remain, with the vast majority of their fighters hunkered down in Mosul itself, prepared for a major battle. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Much is being made of Hillary Clinton’s private email server, which she used when she was Secretary of State. To me, the real issue is not that Hillary endangered national security by sending classified information in the clear. No – the real issue is that the Clintons act as if they are above the rules and laws that apply to “the little people.” They are superior and smug, totally devoted to themselves and their pursuit of power and the privileges that come with it. It’s a matter of character, in other words. Hillary’s evasiveness, her lack of transparency, her self-righteousness, her strong sense of her own rectitude, make her a dangerous candidate for the presidency.
My second point is this: The issue of classification should be turned on its head. The real issue is not that Hillary potentially revealed secrets. No – the real issue is that our government keeps far too much from us. Our government uses security classification not so much to keep us safe, but to keep the national security state safe – safe from the eyes of the American people.

As The Guardian reported in 2013 :
“A committee established by Congress, the Public Interest Declassification Board, warned in December that rampant over-classification is ‘imped[ing] informed government decisions and an informed public’ and, worse, ‘enabl[ing] corruption and malfeasance’. In one instance it documented, a government agency was found to be classifying one petabyte of new data every 18 months, the equivalent of 20m filing cabinets filled with text.”
Nowadays, seemingly everything is classified. And if it’s classified, if it’s secret, we can’t know about it. Because we can’t be trusted with it. That’s a fine idea for an autocracy or dictatorship, but not so fine for a democracy.
Government of the people, by the people, for the people? Impossible when nearly everything of any importance is classified.
Too bad Hillary didn’t send everything in the clear – what a service she would have done for the American people and for democracy!
William J. Astore is a retired lieutenant colonel (USAF). He taught history for fifteen years at military and civilian schools and blogs at Bracing Views . He can be reached at wastore@pct.edu . Reprinted from Bracing Views with the author’s permission. 
"
"Share This Shi’ite militiamen announced they have launched their campaign to reach Tal Afar and cut off an escape route to Syria that is being used both by Islamic State militants and refugees. Still eager to insinuate Turkish troops into the Mosul campaign, Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan announced he would reinforce Turkish forces in the border town of Silopi. There, they will be ready to be deployed should he believe that Shi’ite militiamen are causing sectarian terror in Tal Afar , home to many Turkmen. In Mosul , witnesses say that thousands of human shields rounded up in the outskirts of the city are now clustered in central Mosul and are without food or shelter. Many of the displaced are women, children, or elderly and appear to be in poor condition after their forced marches. In other parts of the city, militants are rounding up former security personnel. Security forces say the town of Shura has been cleared of militants after a battle. A humanitarian corridor has been set up for civilians to relocate to nearby Qayara. The villages of Abu Arayis, Ayn An Nasr, Humaidiya, Jayif, Majman, Mukhalat, Mustanqa, Shruq, Tal Tayiba, and Zwirij were also liberated . Hamza, Haram, Mwaylaha,, Sajma, and San Zaban were freed as well. Several of these villages were captured by Shi’ite militia forces. At least 200 people were killed and 94 were wounded , including 10 P.K.K. guerrillas: The number of casualties in the Kirkuk assault that occurred just over a week ago was readjusted from previous estimates . The number of civilian and security personnel casualties rose by 17 dead and 65 wounded ."
"Officials Say Attack In Keeping With Targeting Procedures   
Mostly destroyed and no longer usable, the prison in the Yemeni city of Hodeidah held 84 inmates until Saturday, when Saudi Arabian warplanes repeatedly bombed it, killing at least 60 of the people within and wounding dozens of others. 
The exact number of prisoners killed compared to guards is unknown, though prisoners are said to be the vast majority. The prison was leveled in the attack, according to witnesses, and rescue workers are still looking through the rubble, with others believed trapped within. 
Three airstrikes were targeted against the prison, with the first hitting it directly, bringing down the roof, and the follow-up attacks targeting the gates and the administration buildings. The Saudi coalition insisted the attacks were in keeping with targeting procedures, noting the prison was known to have Houthi security forces within. 
It is unclear who the prisoners generally were at the prison, but deliberately attacking a prison will doubtless add to concerns about Saudi Arabia’s standards for airstrikes against Yemen, which have killed massive numbers of civilians over the past 19 months.  "
"Pentagon Downplays Situation as Losses Mount   
The Pentagon’s narrative on the Afghan War tries to present the territory changes as brief, minor, and limited, repeatedly touting the fact that the Afghan government still controls the majority of the country. It’s a shrinking majority, however, as a new report from the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) notes. 
SIGAR noted that the data from the Pentagon showed that the Afghan government actually controlled only about 63.4 percent of the country as of the end of August, the result of steady losses throughout the summer. All indications are that the losses have continued over the past two months as well. 
If these numbers sound worse than those coming from the Pentagon, it’s because they are. Officially, the Pentagon’s percentages are based on “control or influence” of population, not physical territory held. These numbers tend to be higher, because most of the major cities are still controlled by the government, even if many are surrounded. 
Pentagon officials have done this not only to have bigger percentages, but to downplay the losses, arguing that they are mostly in rural areas. While this is true, the reality is that Afghanistan is a heavily rural country, and strongly dependent on farming. The Taliban has aimed in many cases specifically at the farmlands, particularly in opium-producing regions, because those are so much more economically valuable for them. 
The SIGAR report also cited major casualties among Afghan security forces as a matter of concern. Again