, this was in stark contrast to Pentagon statements, which have insisted that morale among the still surviving troops remains strong  "
"Hadi: UN Deal Would Reward 'Putschists' by Jason Ditz, October 30, 2016 Share This 
The UN offered a glimmer of hope for a peace process 19 months in Yemen’s war last week, offering a peace deal which would see the installation of an interim government made of mostly technocrats, and in which former President Hadi would be a figurehead. 
Hadi, on whose behalf Saudi invaded Yemen, was quick to spurn the deal, insisting it would “ reward the putschist s” and punish his legitimate government. Hadi was “elected” to a two-year term in office in early 2012, and resigned in 2015, but insists he remains the rightful ruler of the nation. 
The Shi’ite Houthis, who had previously ruled out any deal in which Hadi was returned to power, expressed support for the UN plan as a “ basis for discussion .” The deal would force Hadi’s main deputy to resign, and give Hadi little to no real power. 
Hadi’s rejection, assuming it is upheld by his Saudi backers, means a continuation of the war, and greatly increases the likelihood that Yemen as a unified nation is over. The nation is already in a state of de facto split, and roughly on the same borders as before the 1990 unification. 
This may ultimately make more sense for Yemen at any rate, resolving long-standing secessionist ambitions in the south, and leaving Hadi with control of South Yemen, where he is from, and where his limited political support is centered. 
The Saudis are unlikely to accept such a solution, however, as it would leave a North Yemen dominated by the Houthis and former president Ali Abdullah Saleh’s political allies with a substantial border with Saudi Arabia after a bloody Saudi-instigated war against them. 
While a unity deal in which Hadi gets only token power would allow the Saudis to claim some measure of “victory” in their war, a formal separation would be much harder to spin, and would leave them with a very resentful neighbor on their southern border. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Attacks Destroyed Villagers' Homes, Burned Farms by Jason Ditz, October 30, 2016 Share This 
While the biggest single Saudi airstrike over the weekend in Yemen targeted a prison in Hodeidah, dozens of other strikes were reported over the weekend by villagers around Taiz and in the Maarib Province, with attacks killing at least 27 civilians , and wounding a number of others. 
Most of the casualties were in Taiz, where attacks destroyed several homes and caused a large number of injuries. With hospitals in the area having very limited access to medicine because of the naval blockade, many of those injuries proved fatal. 
The attacks in Maarib and Saada, however, may prove more devastating to the country in the long run, targeting some of the very limited farmland Yemen has, destroying a number of villagers’ homes and burning a lot of that farmland. Yemen has to import some 90 percent of its food under normal circumstances, with such imports severely limited by the blockade, and the loss of farmland just adds to food insecurity in the nation. 
Saudi Arabia has been coming under growing international criticism for its air war against Yemen, with massive numbers of civilians killed and little sign that the promised improvements to targeting will ever amount to anything. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Rebels Continue Offensive Against Western Aleppo by Jason Ditz, October 30, 2016 Share This 
A coalition of rebels including al-Qaeda’s-Nusra Front and the Free Syrian Army are continuing their offensive against the government-held western half of Aleppo . The UN harshly criticized them for their use of “ indiscriminate ” weapons, warning it could amount to war crimes. 
Perhaps the biggest issue, though as-yet-unproven, is reports that the rebels have begun to use chlorine-filled shells in their attacks. Syrian media reported 35 civilians were suffering from effects of the toxic gas, though the rebels denied using them. 
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported at least 21 people killed over the weekend, amid heavy fighting around western Aleppo. The offensive began Friday, with the Nusra-led rebels trying to end a siege of their eastern half of the city. 
This has been a recurring situation in Aleppo since it boiled down to just the military and this rebel faction, with both sides having repeatedly launched offensives and counter-offensives over the last several months, trading sieges and strikes against one anothers’ neighborhoods. 
This has resulted in heavy casualties for the civilians stuck in the city, facing regular sieges that they are rarely as able to survive as the combatants, and taking the brunt of the rockets, airstrikes, and artillery attacks. The addition of chemical weapons, even primitive ones, threaten to make the matter far worse. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Deployment Meant to Block ISIS Escape by Jason Ditz, October 30, 2016 Share This 
As the Iraqi invasion of Mosul continues, the Shi’ite militia groups who have proven so controversial in previous attacks have begun to deploy west of the city, aiming to block the escape of any ISIS forces into Syria. The militias see this as the last real fight against ISIS inside Iraq, and are openly talking about heading into Syria next . 
While the militias’ involvement in previous captures of major Sunni Arab cities around Iraq has seen them looting, torturing, and killing with reckless abandon, the militias’ ambition to get into Syria once this is wrapped up may mean less are left behind around Mosul to harass the locals. 
The sectarian nature of the wars in Iraq and Syria have both led to a spike in recruitment for the Shi’ite militias, with many being deployed around significant religious sites in both countries to protect them from groups like ISIS. For many of them, this has also meant a blurring of the lines between the two wars. 
There remains considerable concern about the impact on the Mosul population of the militias’ presence. This is doubly true because, in “blocking” ISIS escape, they may also end up blocking the escape of the civilian population,. which is unlikely to be welcomed if they flee into Kurdish territory. 
That’s also a recurring reality in Iraq’s war, that the Sunni Arab civilians aren’t welcomed into Kurdish or Shi’ite territory, and generally end up having to flee into other ISIS territory for lack of alternatives. With little ISIS territory left, it is unclear where they’ll go. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Share This 
According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, around 300 Syrian children, recruited as child soldiers by ISIS, have been killed over the past two weeks in fighting in and around the Iraqi city of Mosul. The brigade is called the “cubs of the caliphate.” 
Locals reported that the loss of children in fighting around the Syrian town of Daquq was spun by ISIS religious leaders as minor compared to the gains they would secure in Mosul. The fighting is fierce around Mosul, and the casualties are high. 
The Observatory said that at least 480 Syrian fighters had been killed in fighting around the Mosul area since the fighting began two weeks ago. This means that a strong majority of those casualties were actually children. 
The US has claimed they believe between 800 and 900 fighters have been killed overall around Mosul. This indicates that the fighting outside of Mosul is heavily between invading Iraqi forces and ISIS’ Syrian auxiliaries. Large numbers of ISIS fighters are believed to have remained within Mosul, preparing to defend the city itself.  "
"Insists Badr Brigade Prepared Even if Battle Lasts Months by Jason Ditz, October 30, 2016 Share This 
A powerful MP as well as the head of the Badr Brigade, the largest militia within Iraq’s “Population Mobilization Forces,” Hadi al-Amiri expressed caution about expectations of a quick invasion of the city of Mosul, which is ISIS’ largest city. 
“The battle of Mosul will not be a picnic. It needs time, it needs precision, it needs a deep breath,” Amiri insisted, adding that his Badr Brigade is prepared to continue with the battle even if it lasts for several months. And well it might. 
Though US officials initially presented the battle as having a timetable of weeks, Kurdish officials responded with predictions it would last multiple months. Indeed, nearly two weeks into the attack, the invading forces are still several kilometers from Mosul, and not expected to enter the city for some time. 
Some of the militia forces involved in the fighting over Mosul are openly talking about their intention to join the Syrian war as soon as Mosul is finished, suggesting they may be looking beyond what is expected to be by far the largest battle of the war.  "
"Share This 
How did the ""growing trust"" that Russian President Vladimir Putin once said marked his ""working and personal relationship with President Obama "" change into today’s deep distrust and saber-rattling? 
Their relationship reached its zenith after Mr. Putin persuaded Syria to give up its chemical weapons for verified destruction, enabling Mr. Obama at the last minute to call off, with some grace, plans to attack Syria in late summer 2013. But at an international conference in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi last week, Mr. Putin spoke of the ""feverish"" state of international relations and lamented: ""My personal agreements with the President of the United States have not produced results."" He complained about ""people in Washington ready to do everything possible to prevent these agreements from being implemented in practice"" and, referring to Syria, decried the lack of a ""common front against terrorism after such lengthy negotiations, enormous effort, and difficult compromises."" 
A month earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , who chooses his words carefully, told Russian TV viewers, ""My good friend John Kerry … is under fierce criticism from the U.S. military machine. Despite [Mr. Kerry’s] assurances that the US commander in chief, President Barack Obama, s