split apart. Libertarians and Trumpists, Bernie Sanders supporters and “isolationist” conservatives, students at elite universities and rural folks who object to being used as cannon fodder – all must be united in a common cause to put America first, and rid ourselves of the albatross of empire. 
It can be done. It must be done. But will it be done? I can’t answer that question: what I can say is that you, my readers, have the power to do it. Now, if only you have the will…. 
NOTES IN THE MARGIN 
You can check out my Twitter feed by going here . But please note that my tweets are sometimes deliberately provocative, often made in jest, and largely consist of me thinking out loud. 
You can buy An Enemy of the State: The Life of Murray N. Rothbard (Prometheus Books, 2000), my biography of the great libertarian thinker, here . Read more by Justin Raimondo"
"Share This The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that 300 Daesh child soldiers were killed in Mosul operations. They believe the children were brought to Mosul from Syria. It is unclear if these deaths have already been counted in official figures. The first Christian mass in two years was held on Sunday in the Christian village of Qaraqosh , which is also known as Hamdaniya. However, many Christians doubt they will ever return to their homes. The village of Ali Rash was liberated . Kanona and Rozbian were also freed , as were about 11 villages west of Mosul, including Amrini, Ayin Al-Baiyza, Jarn, Mad Al-Dibaj, Mistanqa’ al-Thanya, Qariya Al-Shik, Salmani, and Zarka. Also freed were Faziliya, Kani Shirin, Khadheir, Kevrok, Khrab Bet, and Qabr Esaaq. Militants have trapped 7,000 civilians in Anah . At least 255 people were killed and 60 were wounded:"
"Bob Waldrop, founder of the Oscar Romero Catholic Worker House in Oklahoma City, is calling for a boycott of the 2016 national collection in Catholic churches for the Archdiocese of Military Services, accusing the military bishops of material cooperation with the objective evil of unjust war. To facilitate the boycott, he has prepared a half page document that can be printed and placed in the collection plate or offering envelope the weekend of November 5-6, 2016, when the offering is to be collected. A PDF version of the document is available at www.justpeace.org/mscollection.pdf . This has two copies on one page to facilitate distribution.
Text of the boycott call:
I am not giving to the 2016 Archdiocese for Military Services Collection.
The bishops of the Archdiocese for Military Services, together with nearly all of their brother United States Bishops, are guilty of material cooperation with the objective evil of unjust war . In 2003, both Pope John Paul II and then Cardinal Ratzinger , who later became Benedict XVI, condemned our attack on Iraq as an unjust war. In spite of the Pope’s opposition, the Most Rev. Edwin O’Brien , then Archbishop for the Military Services advised Catholic members of the US Armed Forces: “Given the complexity of factors involved, many of which understandably remain confidential, it is altogether appropriate for members of our armed forces to presume the integrity of our leadership and its judgments and therefore to carry out their military duties in good conscience.”	
			
Subsequent events have sadly proven the truth, wisdom, and prudence of Pope John Paul II’s judgment, and the fallacy and danger of the moral relativism embraced by the Bishops of the Archdiocese for Military Services and most of the other US Catholic Bishops regarding unjust war. The consequences cascading from our invasion brought death and injury and social dislocation to hundreds of thousands and devastated the historic Christian communities of Iraq and subsequently Syria. It may fairly be said that those who enabled and supported the war on the people of Iraq are ""secondary terrorists"" in that they created the objective conditions on the ground in the Middle East that are driving the extreme forms of terrorism currently prevalent in the region. Actions have consequences and those who propose the actions must own the consequences.
Therefore, because of these issues, I am not giving to the collection for the Archdiocese of Military Services. Instead, I will donate to an organization working to resolve the problems caused by war.
It is a sad and scandalous day when a people’s religious leaders fail them so egregiously. I promise to pray for the conversion of the Military Services hierarchy and clergy, and for the moral and physical protection of the members of our Armed Services, who are our sisters, brothers, fathers, mothers, and children. They deserve religious leaders who will courageously preach and teach all of the Gospel of Christ, not just that which is acceptable to the United States Government.
Text prepared by Bob Waldrop, Oscar Romero Catholic Worker House, Oklahoma City. PDF suitable for download and copying is available at www.justpeace.org/mscollection.pdf . Place this document in the collection plate or offering envelope for the Military Services collection the weekend of November 5-6. We invite those responsible for forwarding these offerings to the Military Services Archdiocese to also send any of these documents that parishioners give in lieu of a money donation.
Bob Waldrop is the founder of the Oscar Romero Catholic Worker House in Oklahoma City, which works in food security and for justice and peace. He has consistently opposed all of the United States military adventures since the 1970s when he met Justin Raimondo and Eric Garris tabling for the Libertarian Party at the San Jose Flea Market. He has been a consistent critic of the poor performance of the United States Catholic Bishops on the issues of war and peace since the embargo on the civilian economy of Iraq. His antiwar paper trail is at http://www.justpeace.org/warresponse.htm. He gardens, reads science fiction, and works as a church musician.
Bob Waldrop is the founder of the Oscar Romero Catholic Worker House in Oklahoma City, which works in food security and for justice and peace. He has consistently opposed all of the United States military adventures since the 1970s when he met Justin Raimondo and Eric Garris tabling for the Libertarian Party at the San Jose Flea Market. He has been a consistent critic of the poor performance of the United States Catholic Bishops on the issues of war and peace since the embargo on the civilian economy of Iraq. His anti-war paper trail is at http://www.justpeace.org/warresponse.htm . He gardens, reads science fiction, and works as a church musician. 
"
"Heavy Rocket Fire Pounds Government-Held West Aleppo by Jason Ditz, October 31, 2016 Share This 
Nusra Front-led rebels continue to try to push into Western Aleppo in an offensive they launched on Friday, but the advance appears to be slowing to a snail’s pace amid heavy resistance from the military. At the same time, the rebels continue to fire rockets against the government-held parts of the city. 
Some 84 people have been killed over the course of the offensive, most of them women and children , and the UN has been harshly critical of the rebels for their “indiscriminate” attacks against areas with a large number of civilians present. 
This has been a recurring problem throughout the battle over Aleppo, which has left the city heavy divided and badly damaged. Both sides regularly trade rocket and artillery fire, and both sides seem to have a hard time making such attacks hit anybody except for civilian bystanders. 
Over the past month the military had a seemingly decisive advantage in Aleppo, with the Nusra Front losing a growing amount of territory in the east. This newest counter-offensive is the latest in a long, long line of attempts by different factions within the city to shift the momentum in their favor, which is a big part of why, despite it being heavily contested since 2012, no one appears close to really controlling Aleppo. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Council of Elders Intended to Set Up Anti-ISIS Coalition by Jason Ditz, October 31, 2016 Share This 
ISIS has killed a number of Afghan tribal elders and wounded several more in Nangarhar Province’s main city of Jalalabad today, with a suicide bomber from the group targeting a meeting of the council of elders in the city. 
The details are still scant, but ISIS claims that the council was established in part to discuss the formation of a tribal anti-ISIS coalition in the area. They claimed 15 killed and 25 wounded, labeling the victims “apostates.” 
Afghan government officials put the toll a lot lower, saying only four were killed and seven wounded in the attack. Nangarhar is the main base of operations for ISIS forces in Afghanistan, though they’ve recently begun to pop up around several other provinces. 
Whether the council was at the point of establishing an anti-ISIS coalition or not, this is in keeping with the group’s reaction to any sign of growing local resistance, with ISIS having similarly made an example of tribal groups in Iraq and Syria during their establishment there. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Iraqi Govt Warns Civilians Against Fleeing Mosul by Jason Ditz, October 31, 2016 Share This 
According to Lt. Gen. Jeffrey Harrigan, the commander of US air forces in the Middle East, the anti-ISIS coalition is now planning on carrying out airstrikes against any fleeing ISIS fighters around Mosul, trying to prevent escape from the massive city with aerial surveillance and targeted strikes. 
This appears to be a response to growing concerns, both within the region and internationally, that the fall of Mosul will mean thousands of seasoned ISIS fighters popping up elsewhere around the world, destabilizing the Middle East and Europe. 
Preventing them from escaping Mosul, however, raises a major concern that the relative lack of US intelligence on who it is targeting, and determination to shoot first and ask questions later is going to lead to US warplanes attacking groups of fleeing civilians that they come across. 
The “solution” to this appears to be preventing civilians from fleeing the city as well, despite it being an open combat zone that will l