ikely be facing months of combat. Iraqi officials are now said to be warning Mosul civilians not to try to escape, insisting they will be safer if they stay put. 
Staying put in a city during an invasion is far from safe, but suggests US warplanes are going to be particularly indiscriminate in targeting people fleeing Mosul. In the recent offensive against the ISIS city of Manbij, US warplanes killed hundreds of civilians they “mistook” for ISIS, and Mosul is a much larger city with a lot more people to be mistaken for ISIS. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Rebels Blame Internal Fights for Growing Losses by Jason Ditz, October 31, 2016 Share This 
The Syrian Army has entered the town of Tel Kurdi , on the outskirts of Damascus, entering the area over the weekend and pushing into yet another rebel-held area, bringing their forces yet closer to the rebel city of Douma, the last major rebel holding around the capital. 
Tel Kurdi, like all the remaining rebel areas in Ghouta, was under siege for some time, and the rebel forces within fell back almost immediately, with no reports of major fighting, and the rebels bragging of a “scorched earth” policy destroying everything of value on their way out. 
One of the members of the rebel council blamed the mounting losses on internal fights among the fashions. Indeed, over the past several months a lot of towns and villages in the area have fallen, either in military offensives or in negotiated pullouts. 
The negotiated pullouts have been the most effective way to displace large amounts of rebels lately, with the rebels getting sent north into Nusra Front territory around Idlib. This is increasingly boiling down to government control of the area around Damascus, and increased rebel influence in the north. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Insists Russia Defines Itself by Opposition to the West   
The first time a top British spy has ever given a newspaper interview, MI5 chief Andrew Parker has spoken with the Guardian , playing up the “growing threat” posed by Russia against British interests around the world. 
Parker claimed a “whole range of state organs and powers” in Russia are being brought to bear against Britain and the US, claiming that the advent of cyberwarfare has increased the number of ways in which Russia can move against them. 
Parker went on to claim that Russia defines itself by opposition to the West and, despite being a “covert threat for decades” has been increasingly hostile, citing their operations in Ukraine and Syria as proof that they are acting to just spite the West. 
This has been a common western talking point, but in practice Western (read: US) policy in both Ukraine and Syria appears to have itself been built with an eye toward being on the opposite side from Russia in the first place, and Russia is then condemned for acting in their own interests. 
This was particularly glaring in Syria, where Russia’s interest was obviously in the survival of a friendly Syrian government to host their naval base, and where “countering” Russia has brought the US “anti-ISIS coalition” into increasingly overt support for al-Qaeda’s Nusra Front, simply because they’re the ones most directly fighting against Russia.  "
"No Sign US Is Going to Slow Arms Sales to Saudis   
After a solid 19 months of endorsing the Saudi war in Yemen, selling the Saudis massive amounts of arms, and refueling Saudi bombers over Yemen’s airspace, the Obama Administration today called on the Saudis to halt airstrikes against Yemen, and accept that there is no military solution. 
A top Human Rights Watch director noted that the call would’ve carried a lot more weight if the US wasn’t providing the bombs the Saudis are dropping on Yemen in the first place, though former US officials say its almost certain this won’t include any dial back in US arms sales. 
The call likely reflects the UN’s peace plan being presented to both sides and immediately rejected by the pro-Saudi officials. Huge civilian death tolls in recent Saudi attacks have added up to make the US a bit more gunshy than usual about supporting the Saudi war publicly. 
At the same time, the US “opposition” to the air war is slim indeed, with the US Ambassador to the UN, Samantha Power, insisting even in the announcement of their opposition to further strikes that the US supports Saudi Arabia’s right to “self-defense,” which in this case included an outright invasion of a neighboring country. 
The US has insisted Saudi aid is “under review” since a recent attack on a funeral. That said, there is no sign that any real changes in US policy were made, and the expectation is that, as always, US interest in growing arms exports will win out.  "
"Military: Goal Is to 'Liberate' Eastern Bank of Tigris River by Jason Ditz, October 31, 2016 Share This 
Iraq’s invasion of Mosul has entered its third week with a noteworthy first, as the first Iraqi special forces entered the city itself in the area around Karama District, in the far east. There was fighting reported both within the district and in surrounding suburbs. 
Indications are that the vast majority of the fighting in the area remains in the suburbs, with only a small incursion into the city itself. Still, Iraqi military officials say their goal is to take the whole eastern bank of the Tigris River, which divides the city. 
The area entered is near a key industrial site within Mosul. It is unclear how well secured this area is from ISIS’ perspective, as they’ve laid heavy traps and tunneled in around the city in anticipation of the invasion, but indications were that a lot of these defensive measures were taken in residential areas. 
ISIS is believed to have several thousand fighters in Mosul, and with the US announcing they intend to kill anyone who tries to escape, they are likely to resist all the more fiercely, knowing they don’t have any place to go after Mosul. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Share This 
As the end of Obama’s term in office approaches, it may be of interest to evaluate his performance on Latin America. One of Obama’s foreign policy promises at the beginning of his first term was to change the way America does business with Latin America. 
The promise to change the way America does business in its backyard was a significant one because the way America has played in its backyard has a long and consistently appalling history. The history of interference and regime change began early when President McKinley betrayed Cuba and stole it under the deceptive promise of liberating it from Spain. In 1903, Theodore Roosevelt severed Panama from Columbia, declared it an independent nation and put in power a government whose first act was to sign over the future Panama Canal. In a little discussed maneuver, the U.S. cooperated with the 1908 removal of Venezuelan President Juan Vicente Gómez. In 1909, President Taft removed Nicaragua’s José Santos Zelaya because he insisted that US companies in Nicaragua honor their agreements and tried to make his country less dependent on the US by borrowing from European, and not American, banks. 
In the modern era, 1954 saw Eisenhower order the CIA overthrow of Guatemala’s Jacobo Arbenz. In 1959-1960, Eisenhower would also start the covert action to remove Fidel Castro from Cuba. Kennedy would continue to rain ""the terrors of the earth"" on Cuba. He would also begin the Brazilian coup that would overthrow Goulart in 1964 and undertake a political action to encourage the removal of Cheddi Jagan from power in Guyana. In 1971, Nixon would brutalize Chile with the coup against Salvador Allende. President Omar Torrijos of Panama would die in a plane crash in 1981. In The New Confessions of an Economic Hit Man and in an interview with Amy Goodman on Democracy Now , John Perkins has claimed that Torrijos’ plane crash was another US assassination. Though it has never been proven that Torrijos’ death was a CIA assassination, there is some evidence that, at least earlier, consideration of his assassination was on the table. At the close of 1989, George H.W. Bush, in an unprovoked attack on the civilian population of a nation that had never threatened America, would take out Panama’s Manuel Noriega. At the end of the last century and the beginning of this one, Jean-Bertrand Aristide was twice removed from power over the popular voice of Haitians. The Latin American coups would continue through George W. Bush’s unpopular and short lived 2002 removal of Hugo Chavez in Venezuela. 
So, it is not unimportant to evaluate Obama’s performance on his promise to change this tragic and shameful history. It’s not unimportant, but it is unimpressive. 
It didn’t take long for the first indication that nothing had changed. On June 28, 2009, Honduras’ democratically elected President, Manuel Zelaya, was seized at gunpoint, removed in a coup and whisked away in a plane that refueled at a US military base. 
After the coup, US support to the Honduran military only increased. The American ambassador was never recalled, and the US refused to join the call of the United Nation’s General Assembly and the Organization of American States for the return of the elected President. Though the Organization of American States (OAS) refused to recognize the new coup president, the US State Department refused to join in that too. In fact, following an election that the OAS, the U.N. and others refused to recognize, the US would insist on recognizing the coup government as the victor of the election. 
But, despite the refusal to call Zelaya’s removal at gunpoint a coup, and despite recognizing the coup government as the legitimate government of Honduras, the Obama White House knew it was a coup. By July 24, 2009, less than a month after the coup, the White House was in receipt of a cable sent from the US embassy in Honduras. In an almost comic lack of subtlety that was clearly never meant to be public, the cable is called ""Open and Shut: the Case of the Honduran Coup"". In it, the embassy says ""There is no doubt that the military, Supreme Court and National Congress conspired on June 28 in what constituted an illegal an