on and Citizens for Peaceful Resolutions . He writes for PeaceVoice ."
"Share This At least 5,561 people were killed and 2,463 were wounded across Iraq during October. These figures are estimates, perhaps even conservative ones. Breaking down the above numbers, we find that 1,629 civilians were killed, and 1,693 were injured. At least 303 security personnel were also killed, and 660 more were wounded in fighting. Militants lost an estimated 3,611 members, while 108 more are known to have been wounded. Again, these are very rough estimates. Also, one U.S. soldier was killed, and at least two French soldiers were wounded during October. Turkish airstrikes left at least 17 Kurdistan Workers Party (P.K.K.) guerrillas dead as well. These figures are much higher than they were in September due to a massive operation that was launched against the city of Mosul. Last month only 2,824 people were killed and 1,208 were wounded. Due to the nature of the fighting in Iraq, accurate numbers may be impossible to obtain. The Iraqi government has been tight with releasing casualty statements concerning security personnel. On the other hand, authorities may be too loose with figures detailing militant losses. Those figures may also represent civilian losses counted as military. In other news: Iraq’s special forces entered the Gogjiali (Kokjali) district on Monday, which marks the first time security personnel have been within Mosul city limits since the Islamic State militants seized the city in 2014. They were able to progress to the Karama neighborhood. A Reuters reporter in nearby Bazwaya village — which was recaptured today — could see smoke rising from the Karama battle, and soldiers also fought in the Aden district. There are also new reports of resistance fighters attacking militants in the city. Special forces also captured the eastern villages of Subhi, Sunaidii, and Tubruq. Shi’ite militiamen reported freeing the western villages of Abu Shwayha, Albu Juradi, Arish, Aslya Huwaysh, Dalawiya Al Sharqiyan, Imam Hamza, Hasuna, Kharani Gargara, Khurba Tayir, Mushairafa, Sahi Abas, Sruj, Um Shanin, Um Sijqn, Zuwai’za’s, and Tal Shikham. On the northern front, troops liberated Najmook, Shalalat, and Tal Yabis. At least 408 people were killed and 71 were wounded in recent violence: Militants executed 300 people , civilians and former security personnel, north of Mosul in the village of Moshairefa . In Baghdad , at least 16 people were killed and 50 were wounded in various attacks around the city. Gunmen killed a Peshmerga soldier in Tel Skuf , as he was trying to defuse a bomb. In Mosul , militants killed 50 of their own and mutilated 20 others for fleeing the fighting. Seven militants were killed in fighting in the Aden district. An explosion killed several militant leaders. Read more by Margaret Griffis"
"When I was a lieutenant colonel on active duty, I supervised an officer in the U.S. Air Force who was (and is) an Iraqi-American. He came to the US as a boy after President George H.W. Bush’s call to the Shia to revolt against Saddam in the aftermath of Desert Storm, which was ruthlessly suppressed by Saddam as Bush and company did nothing.
As an Iraqi-American in uniform, he served as an interpreter attached to the 101st Airborne in Iraq in 2004, if memory serves–dangerous times indeed for US troops in Iraq.
He wrote to me, rightly outraged, after Ben Carson made his anti-Muslim comments back in September of 2015 during the presidential primary season. It made him so sad, so angry, as a US Air Force veteran and as a Muslim-American to hear such ignorance, such bias, such Islamophobia. And it made me angry as well.

So many Muslim-Americans have served this country with distinction, troops like Navy veteran Nate Terani, who has written an eloquent article at TomDispatch.com on the prejudice he faced as an Iranian-American. Terani is doing his best to fight a new enemy, Islamophobia, the irrational fear of Islam fed by the unhinged rhetoric of candidates like Ben Carson and Donald Trump.
Here is how Terani puts it in his article :
In Iran, theocratic fundamentalists sowed division and hatred of outsiders–of Westerners, Christians, and other religious minorities. Here in America, the right wing seems to have stolen passages directly from their playbook as it spreads hatred of immigrants, particularly Muslim ones. This form of nationalistic bigotry–Islamophobia–threatens the heart of our nation. When I chose to serve in the military, I did so to protect what I viewed as our sacred foundational values of liberty, equality, and democracy. Now, 20 years later, I’ve joined forces with fellow veterans to again fight for those sacred values, this time right here at home. 
As America builds walls and weapons and wages war all over the globe, as our leaders look outward for enemies, we’re forgetting the enemy within America, the enemy that is a much more serious threat to our national security. That enemy, which exists right here in America’s heartland, is ignorance, hatred, fear, aggression, compounded by a cowardly desire to “get even” and to “make America great again” by ostracizing other Americans who are considered “different” and “untrustworthy.”
But spreading fear and bigotry is not a way to national security; it’s a way to national insanity. Islamophobia, like all other irrational fears, must be fought and defeated.
William J. Astore is a retired lieutenant colonel (USAF). He taught history for fifteen years at military and civilian schools and blogs at Bracing Views . He can be reached at wastore@pct.edu . Reprinted from Bracing Views with the author’s permission. 
"
"We were told that we had to attack Iraq because the Saddam Hussein government made us less safe. We were told we had to bomb and kill Gaddafi in Libya because his regime made us less safe. Ditto with the Taliban in Afghanistan and Assad in Syria. Now. 15 years after 9/11, Americans are seeing through the endless wars that have lasted through the Bush and Obama Administrations. Trillions spent, untold thousands killed, societies destroyed, people displaced. A new poll sponsored by the Center for the National Interest and the Charles Koch Institute has found that Americans feel less, not more safe after a decade and a half of war. We are reaching the critical mass where Americans begin to demand a change in our interventionist foreign policy. More on the encouraging poll in today’s Ron Paul Liberty Report:

Reprinted from The Ron Paul Institute for Peace & Prosperity . 
"
"US Promises 'Further Investigation' Into Attack in Fadhiliya by Jason Ditz, November 01, 2016 Share This 
On October 22, US warplanes carried out airstrikes against the village of Fadhiliya, a few kilometers away from the city of Mosul. Two of the strikes hit a civilian house within, killing eight civilians from a single family, including three children. 
It is unclear why the report of this airstrike is just coming to light now, over a week later, but it marks the first significant civilian casualties in a US airstrike related to the Mosul invasion. A previous incident the day before, initially reported as a US airstrike against a Shi’ite mosque near Kirkuk, is now being reported as likely an attack by the Iraqi Air Force, and not the US. 
Pentagon officials confirmed conducting a number of airstrikes against Fadhiliya at the time of the civilian deaths, and say they are conducting “further investigation” to determine all the facts related to the attack. Saying the take the allegations seriously. 
As the fighting around Mosul advances into more densely populated areas around the city itself, the concerns are growing that such airstrikes are going to cause a number of civilian casualties. This is doubly true because now Iraq is warning residents of Mosul against fleeing, and the US has announced its intention to carry out airstrikes to prevent “fleeing ISIS” from getting away. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Both Blame Other Side for Fueling Tensions Along Line of Control by Jason Ditz, November 01, 2016 Share This 
One villager in the area described the situation as like a “ full blown war, ” as Pakistani and Indian troops have exchanged a growing amount of fire across the Line of Control in Kashmir. The latest firing began on Friday and has continued to grow ever since. 
Both sides are accusing the other, as usual, of starting the situation, and civilians living along the LoC are being evacuated in growing numbers. Since Friday at least 24 people have been killed in the firing , with the majority of them civilian bystanders. 
This is the latest dust-up along the LoC since September, when militants attacked Indian forces within Kashmir and India responded with raids across the LoC, getting into fights with the Pakistani military on the other side. 
Both sides say the latest firing from the other side was “unprovoked,” though in reality tensions have been boiling under the surface ever since the September incidents. The focus right now appears to be entirely on shifting blame for starting the fighting, with neither side seeming at all eager to stop firing. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Warns Russia Can't Maintain Pause if Strikes Continue by Jason Ditz, November 01, 2016 Share This 
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov warned today that the moratorium on Russian airstrikes around Aleppo is in jeopardy from the continued rebel attacks against positions around government-held Western Aleppo. 
Peskov insisted Russia wants to enable to exit of civilians from rebel Eastern Aleppo, and to create conditions wherein humanitarian aid can be delivered to the city. Russia has paused its airstrikes for about two weeks now to that end. 
While it seemed early on that Russia could afford to be patient, with Eastern Aleppo surrounded and the Syrian military doing well in clashes with the Nusra Front. Late last week, however, Nusra and their allies launched a major counterattack, which has been raging since. 
The counterattack came from outside the city, trying to end the siege on the east and threatening government-held territories in the west. Russia has so far not gotten invol