ved, and while the Syrian military seems to have staved off any huge defeats, this likely adds to pressure from Russia’s Defense Ministry. 
Though President Putin has so far insisted the pause should continue, the defense ministry has made much of calling for an end to it and resuming airstrikes. It is unusual for them to publicly dissent from official policy, and the pick-up in fighting will only increase those calls. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"A new statement from the UN Human Rights spokeswoman Ravina Shamdasani warned that there is growing evidence that all sides fighting around the northern Syrian city of Aleppo are engaged in war crimes by conducting indiscriminate strikes in civilian-populated areas. 
Shamdasani warned that while the UN lacked details to attribute individual attacks to different factions in the area, the indications are that everyone has basically ignored the “fundamental prohibition” on launching such attacks when civilians are present. 
This has been a recurring concern for months in Aleppo, with large civilian casualties reported on a disturbingly regular basis. And while most of the international forces with an interest in Syria are keen to exclusively blame one side or the other, civilians in both sides’ neighborhoods are being killed. 
Russia has paused their airstrikes against Aleppo over the past couple of weeks, though an escalation in fighting further west has meant civilian casualties have continued, with reports of chlorine gas attacks by Nusra forces against government-held areas. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Blames Western Failure to Rein in Islamist Factions by Jason Ditz, November 01, 2016 Share This 
While there really hasn’t been any indication that such talks were going to happen soon at any rate, Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shogu made it official today that Syrian peace talks are “ postponed for an indefinite period .” 
Shogu insisted there were no prospects for new peace talks right now because the West had failed to rein in Islamist rebel factions in the country, adding that this continued in spite of Russia pausing their air strikes against Aleppo. 
The previous ceasefire in Syria had been negotiated with an eye on separating the Islamist factions like the Nusra Front from more moderate rebel groups. The US made a public statement calling for such a separation, but it never happened, and ultimately, Russia started trying to convince Turkey and Saudi Arabia to try. None have accomplished anything so far. 
In the meantime, the US and its allies began angrily condemning Russia and Syria for attacking the Nusra Front, complaining it proved Russia doesn’t want peace. This too is adding to doubts about getting new talks started, with everyone seemingly agreeing Nusra can’t participate in the peace process, but not able to get them split in meaningful ways from the rebel factions that might be welcomed. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"DM: Deployments Aim to Prepare for 'Developments in the Region' by Jason Ditz, November 01, 2016 Share This 
Adding to concerns about tensions between the Turkish and Iraqi government, Turkey has deployed a convoy of tanks and artillery along the Iraqi border today, a move they say it meant to prepare for any potential “developments” in the region. 
The deployment appears to be centered on the area around Mosul. Turkish President Erdogan promised to participate in the invasion of Mosul, but was spurned by the Abadi government in Iraq. This has been an ongoing argument between the two sides, and the deployment may suggest Turkey plans an involvement in Mosul, however unwelcome. 
The deployment also comes following a recent spate of fighting with the Kurdish PKK inside southeastern Turkey, and some reports have speculated that the deployment could be intended as further force against the PKK forces on the Iraqi side of the border. 
While Turkey has been fighting Kurdish factions pretty much everywhere for decades, the government has picked up its attacks against the Kurdish YPG in Syria over the past month, and also claimed a “ natural right ” to invade Iraq if they are threatened. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Share This 
At present, nuclear disarmament seems to have ground to a halt. Nine nations have a total of approximately 15,500 nuclear warheads in their arsenals, including 7,300 possessed by Russia and 7,100 possessed by the United States. A Russian-American treaty to further reduce their nuclear forces has been difficult to secure thanks to Russian disinterest and Republican resistance. 
Yet nuclear disarmament remains vital, for, as long as nuclear weapons exist, it is likely that they will be used. Wars have been fought for thousands of years, with the most powerful weaponry often brought into play. Nuclear weapons were used with little hesitation by the US government in 1945 and, although they have not been employed in war since then, how long can we expect to go on without their being pressed into service again by hostile governments? 
Furthermore, even if governments avoid using them for war, there remains the danger of their explosion by terrorist fanatics or simply by accident. More than a thousand accidents involving US nuclear weapons occurred between 1950 and 1968 alone. Many were trivial, but others could have been disastrous. Although none of the accidentally launched nuclear bombs, missiles, and warheads―some of which have never been found―exploded, we might not be as lucky in the future. 
Also, nuclear weapons programs are enormously costly. Currently, the US government plans to spend $1 trillion over the next 30 years to refurbish the entire US nuclear weapons complex. Is this really affordable? Given the fact that military spending already chews up 54 percent of the federal government’s discretionary spending, an additional $1 trillion for nuclear weapons ""modernization"" seems likely to come out of whatever now remains of funding for public education, public health, and other domestic programs. 
In addition, the proliferation of nuclear weapons to additional countries remains a constant danger. The nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) of 1968 was a compact between the non-nuclear nations and nuclear-armed nations, with the former forgoing nuclear weapons development while the latter eliminated their nuclear arsenals. But the nuclear powers’ retention of nuclear weapons is eroding the willingness of other nations to abide by the treaty. 
Conversely, further nuclear disarmament would result in some very real benefits to the United States. A significant reduction in the 2,000 US nuclear weapons deployed around the world would reduce nuclear dangers and save the US government enormous amounts of money that could fund domestic programs or simply be returned to happy taxpayers. Also, with this show of respect for the bargain made under the NPT, non-nuclear nations would be less inclined to embark on nuclear weapons programs. 
Unilateral US nuclear reductions would also generate pressures to follow the US lead. If the US government announced cutbacks in its nuclear arsenal, while challenging the Kremlin to do the same, that would embarrass the Russian government before world public opinion, the governments of other nations, and its own public. Eventually, with much to gain and little to lose by engaging in nuclear reductions, the Kremlin might begin making them as well. 
Opponents of nuclear reductions argue that nuclear weapons must be retained, for they serve as a ""deterrent."" But does nuclear deterrence really work? Ronald Reagan , one of America’s most military-minded presidents, repeatedly brushed off airy claims that US nuclear weapons had deterred Soviet aggression, retorting: ""Maybe other things had."" Also, non-nuclear powers have fought numerous wars with the nuclear powers (including the United States and the Soviet Union) since 1945. Why weren’t they deterred? 
Of course, much deterrence thinking focuses on the safety from nuclear attack that nuclear weapons allegedly provide. But, in fact, US government officials, despite their vast nuclear armada, don’t seem to feel very secure. How else can we explain their huge financial investment in a missile defense system? Also, why have they been so worried about the Iranian government obtaining nuclear weapons? After all, the US government’s possession of thousands of nuclear weapons should convince them that they needn’t worry about the acquisition of nuclear arms by Iran or any other nation. 
Furthermore, even if nuclear deterrence does work, why does Washington require 2,000 deployed nuclear weapons to ensure its efficacy? A 2002 study concluded that, if only 300 US nuclear weapons were used to attack Russian targets, 90 million Russians (out of a population of 144 million) would die in the first half hour. Moreover, in the ensuing months, the enormous devastation produced by the attack would result in the deaths of the vast majority of survivors by wounds, disease, exposure, and starvation. Surely no Russian or other government would find this an acceptable outcome. 
This overkill capacity probably explains why the US Joint Chiefs of Staff think that 1,000 deployed nuclear weapons are sufficient to safeguard US national security. It might also explain why none of the other seven nuclear powers (Britain, France, China, Israel, India, Pakistan, and North Korea) bothers to maintain more than 300 nuclear weapons . 
Although unilateral action to reduce nuclear dangers might sound frightening, it has been taken numerous times with no adverse consequences. The Soviet government unilaterally halted nuclear weapons testing in 1958 and, again, in 1985. Starting in 1989, it also began removing its tactical nuclear missiles from Eastern Europe. Similarly, the US government, during the administration of US president George H.W. Bush, acted unilaterally to remove all US short-range, ground-launched nuclear weapons from Europe and Asia, as well as all short-range nuclear arms from US Navy vessels around the world―an overall cut of several thousand nuclear warheads. 
Obviously, negotiating an international treaty that banned and destroyed all nuclear wea