, often made in jest, and largely consist of me thinking out loud. 
You can buy An Enemy of the State: The Life of Murray N. Rothbard (Prometheus Books, 2000), my biography of the great libertarian thinker, here . Read more by Justin Raimondo"
"Share This Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi again warned Turkey to avoid provoking conflict, after Turkey strengthened its forces in Silopi at the Iraqi border. In Mosul , counter-terrorism forces captured a state-owned television station building. Troops also reached the Judaidat al-Mufti neighborhood. At least 296 security personnel have been killed in the last week in Mosul. About 40,000 people have fled the city. Militants attempted to move 25,000 human shields out of Hammam al-Alil but were thwarted by strikes. Shalalat , Sharezad , and Twila were reported freed . At least 202 people were killed and 52 were wounded in recent violence: In Mosul , at least one soldier was killed and another was wounded . Militants killed 40 men believed to have been soldiers from Shura and Hammam al-Alil , and then they tossed the bodies into the Tigris River."
"'Budget Amendment' for More Troops in Iraq, Afghanistan   
The Pentagon has announced it will file a “budget amendment” seeking another $6 billion in funding for the current fiscal year to pay for additional overseas troop deployments above and beyond what was already in the budget for this year. 
The $6 billion request comes as an “urgent” request from the Pentagon, and would pay for additional ground troops in Iraq, the additional troops left in Afghanistan by stalling the drawdown, and to pay for escalated airstrikes around the world. 
Pentagon Comptroller Mike McCord says the hope is to get the White House to approve submitting the request to Congress before next week’s election, with an eye at getting it added to the latest emergency spending bill, expected before early December. 
These “emergency” funding bills are the main way to get around spending caps, with Congress deliberately funding the Pentagon only for a portion of the year with money that, by the cap’s reckoning, was the whole year’s budget, then slipping “emergency” bills in afterwards to pay for the rest of the year, while pretending the caps still exist.  "
"Rebels: Leaving Aleppo 'Completely Out of the Question' by Jason Ditz, November 02, 2016 Share This 
Some two weeks after initially announcing what was going to be an eight hour ceasefire in Aleppo, Russia has continued to hold their fire, and today announced an extension of the operation through Friday , calling on the rebels to take the opportunity to withdraw from the city. 
While on the one hand this marks an extension of the ceasefire, the Friday deadline may amount to Russia’s government announcing an upcoming end to the pause. This comes a day after Russian officials warned the rebel offensives around Aleppo were jeopardizing the ceasefire, and a few days after Russian President Vladimir Putin rejected a call from the Defense Ministry to resume strikes. 
The rebels fighting in Aleppo have rejected Russia’s call to withdraw from the city by Friday evening as “ completely out of the question ,” insisting they intend to remain in the city to prevent allowing it to fall into the hands of the Russian military. 
Of course, Russia’s involvement has only been airstrikes in Aleppo, with the fighting on the ground all between the Nusra Front-led rebels and the Syrian military. The military has been seen to have a major advantage recently, though a rebel offensive over the weekend may have turned the tables, and is likely to reason why there is growing pressure from Russia’s Defense Ministry to resume the airstrikes. 
Russia has promised two corridors through which rebels can leave the city, and said they will allow them to take their weapons with them. The offer is similar to deals wherein rebel factions withdrew from small suburbs around Damascus, but of course on a much grander scale. That the rebels have already rejected it, however, suggests they believe they are not defeated yet. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Insists ISIS Capital Will Be Attacked With 'Forces Available' by Jason Ditz, November 02, 2016 Share This 
Secretary of Defense Ash Carter today confirmed that negotiations with Turkey are ongoing related to the upcoming invasion of the Syrian city of Raqqa, the de facto capital city of ISIS. Carter suggested Turkey’s involvement would only happen “ further down the road .” 
The US announced that it intends to launch an invasion of Raqqa very soon, will conduct the operation concurrent with the ongoing invasion of Mosul in Iraq, and that Kurdish YPG forces will be providing the vast majority of the forces for this offensive. 
That’s irked Turkey, particularly the last part, as Turkish officials repeatedly warned the US against allowing Kurds anywhere near Raqqa and have suggested their own involvement was contingent on there being no Kurds involved. 
Carter’s comments suggest the US plan to invade without Turkey is unchanged, and that they intend to try to placate Turkey about the involvement of the YPG by giving them some involvement in the post-ISIS situation in Raqqa. Turkey is particularly keen to ensure that their own allies end up in control of Raqqa, and that’s likely the main incentive of this deal. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"First Civilians From Surrounding Towns Arrive in Camps   
Aid agencies which have been trying to prepare for the huge influx of displaced persons from the city of Mosul are reporting the first arrivals of civilians who fled the surrounding towns , most arriving on foot, and many with nothing more than the clothing on their backs. 
The agencies are playing up the months of preparation they engaged in, but exactly how they will cope with what could easily be a million new refugees with very little assistance from either the Iraqi government or from the US-led coalition, is still up in the air. 
The UN has reported six camps are ready to accept about 50,000 people, and 11 more camps are in the process of being readied. At the same time, the UN has warned that they don’t have the funding to support all of these refugees over the long run, and the Mosul battle looks to very much be the long run. 
Iraq has warned civilians in Mosul against fleeing from the city, a warning that came after the US announced they intend to conduct air strikes against fleeing ISIS fighters. It’s unclear how many civilians will be able to “stay put” as they were ordered, but the expectations of an intense urban battle are likely to drive many to flee while they still can.  "
"Bombings, Surprise Attacks Force 'Golden Division' to Spread Out   
Iraqi officials are never shy about talking up their military successes, and that has been especially true in the Mosul offensive, where they have regularly noted they are far ahead of schedule. The arrival of the first Iraqi troops into the outskirts of Mosul’s city limits was heralded as the start of the “true liberation.” 
Iraq’s most elite fighters, the so-called Golden Division, has talked up their high morale, bragging that ISIS forces seem to be in full retreat as soon as they see them. That may, however, be the plan for ISIS, with reports that the fast advances and staggered pockets of resistance are stretching the forces thin . 
ISIS is letting the Golden Division advance rapidly in some areas, and slowing their progress with IEDs and suicide car bombers in others. In some places, ISIS forces have hidden in tunnels and appeared behind the advancing troops. The Golden Division’s limited numbers have forced them to rely on the national police to hold territory that they have captured. 
This is a familiar strategy for ISIS forces, particularly in Iraq, where previous offensives and counter-offensives have seen them withdrawing from some areas and reinforcing others specifically to widen the front lines, forcing the other side to spread themselves around. 
And while there are a lot more troops attacking Mosul than in most previous cases, the number of actually well-trained, highly disciplined troops is relatively small. Indeed, Iraqi officials are already saying they are counting on local civilians to rise up against ISIS when they arrive, which has happened in some cases, but notably did not happen in other offensives against major cities, where the locals were more concerned with surviving in a warzone than convincing their “liberators” of their loyalty.  "
"Share This 
Last July, the Palestinian Authority took the unexpected, although belated step of seeking Arab backing in suing Britain over the Balfour Declaration. That ""declaration"" was the first ever explicit commitment made by Britain, and the West in general, to establish a Jewish homeland atop an existing Palestinian homeland. 
It is too early to tell whether the Arab League would heed the Palestinian call , or if the PA would even follow through, especially considering that the latter has the habit of making too many proclamations backed by little or no action. 
However, it seems that the next year will witness a significant tug of war regarding the Balfour Declaration, the 100 th anniversary of which will be commemorated on November 02, 2017. 
But who is Balfour, what is the Balfour Declaration and why does all of this matters today? 
Britain’s Foreign Secretary from late 1916, Arthur James Balfour, had pledged Palestine to another people. That promise was made on November 02, 1917 on behalf of the British government in the form of a letter sent to the leader of the Jewish community in Britain, Walter Rothschild. 
At the time, Britain was not even in control of Palestine, which was still part of the Ottoman Empire. Either way, Palestine was never Balfour’s to so casually transfer to anyone else. His letter read: 
""His Majesty’s government view with favor the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people, and will use their best endeavors to facilitate the achievement of this object, it being clearly understood that nothing shall be done which may prejudice the civil and religious rights of existing non-Jewish communiti