n sent an even more powerful signal of their preparedness, flying two nuclear-capable B-1B bombers over South Korea in a display of military power. As US General Vincent K. Brooks explained at the time, US officials wanted to demonstrate their commitment to using their “full range of military capabilities,” such as nuclear weapons. 
Expect Serious Consequences 
By applying constant pressure to North Korea, US officials have sent another powerful message to the North Korean government. Although officials in Washington may deny that they are threatening North Korea, they have made it clear that the North Korean government can expect to face serious consequences for continuing to defy the United States with its nuclear weapons program. 
“What I can tell you is our policy, with respect to North Korea’s provocations and the resolve of the United States and the international community to try to put adequate pressure on them to change their behavior, has not changed and remains the same,” State Department Spokesperson John Kirby confirmed on October 25, 2016. 
Even so, some officials are now providing another way of understanding the situation. On the same day that Kirby made his statement, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper indicated that the United States has ultimately left the North Korean government with no serious alternatives. “I think the notion of getting the North Koreans to denuclearize is probably a lost cause,” Clapper stated . “They are not going to do that. That is their ticket to survival.” Indeed, Clapper indicated that the North Korean government would find it necessary to maintain a powerful nuclear arsenal in order to deter the constant threats it faces from the United States. 
“And I got a good taste of that when I was there, about how the world looks from their vantage,” Clapper added. “And they are under siege and they are very paranoid.” 
In short, a number of US officials are now beginning to come to terms with one of the main reasons why the North Korean government is making such a major effort to acquire nuclear weapons. These officials are starting to believe that the North Korean government is working to build an arsenal of nuclear weapons to create a powerful deterrent against the United States. 
Edward Hunt writes about war and empire. He has a PhD in American Studies from the College of William & Mary. Reprinted with permission from Foreign Policy In Focus . Read more by Edward Hunt"
"Complains Obama Isn't Hawkish Enough   
In a new interview with Britain’s Sky News, former NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen brought out the old narrative of America as the “world’s policeman,” but with a lot more upbeat of an attitude about it than one would generally see. 
Rasmussen criticized President Obama for not being hawkish enough, saying his successor needs to be much more interventionist, and declaring “ we need America as the world’s policeman, ” adding that the US needs to “restore international law and order” through wars. 
Rasmussen, who was always a relative hawk in the post but seems to have taken it to an entirely new level, set out a series of things the US needs to fix militarily, including Iraq, Syria, Libya, Russia, China, and North Korea. This of course closely mirrors recent Pentagon talk of wars in the decades to come. 
The timing of his calls for extreme US bellicosity are centered on trying to influence the upcoming US election in favor of Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton, who has campaigned heavily on picking fights in Syria and against Russia. Rasmussen underscored this fact by declaring Donald Trump, who openly said the US cannot be the world’s police, as “very dangerous for the world.”  "
"Navy Commander Says Fleet Will Counter Russia   
The host of one of Russia’s main fleets until the secession of Crimea, calling Ukraine’s own navy a mess would be an understatement. Built around aging Soviet hand-me-downs, the ships they did have largely defected along with Crimea. 
Indeed, while they have some small attack boats and the like, it would be fair to classify Ukraine’s entire “navy” as one ship, the Hetman Sahaydachnyy, their flagship, which is in the process of being repaired and refitted. Even this ship is just a frigate, but apart from coastal patrol boats and tug boats, it is what’s left. 
Ukrainian Navy Commander Vice Admiral Ihor Voronchenko is playing up the repairs and upgrades to their ship as the beginning of a major increase in capacity which will allow them to “counter Russia” in the Black Sea. The US is bankrolling part of this effort with $30 million in aid. 
By contrast, Russia’s Black Sea Fleet includes four Frigates, a guided missile destroyer, and an even larger guided missile cruiser, the Moskva, which is roughly four times the size of Ukraine’s ship. Beyond that, Russia has half a dozen submarines in the Black Sea, along with the usual smaller boats. 
NATO in general and the US in particular have talked up their desire to counter Russia’s Black Sea Fleet, but the Ukrainian Navy seems far from a realistic counter in and of itself, and the US funding appears primarily aimed at buying more influence with the Ukrainian government than at trying to develop their ship as a serious fighting force.  "
"Accuses Indian Diplomats of Espionage Amid Growing Tensions   
On-again, off-again fighting between Indian and Pakistani forces in Kashmir looks to be spilling over into the diplomatic relationship between the two nations, as Pakistan has announced it will withdraw six staffers from their mission in New Dehli, and threaten to expel a number of Indian diplomats. 
The six staffers withdrawn include at least four diplomats, and Pakistani officials went on to accuse the five Indian diplomats of espionage , naming them in media reports and threatening to expel them from the country outright. 
This is a continuation of tit-for-tat expulsions which began last week, with both nations ordering a staffer out of the other’s embassy on espionage charges. The tensions are soaring with reports of heavy exchanges of fire in Kashmir over the weekend. 
India and Pakistan are never on the best of terms, but seem to get into these dust-ups once in awhile, usually around the Line of Control in Kashmir. The most recent fighting has been ongoing since August, and seems only to be getting worse as time goes on, raising concerns about a full-scale war between the two nuclear powers.  "
"Share This Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi released an audio recording , the first in almost a year, and expressed his confidence in the group’s eventual victory. Amnesty International warned that is has received reports of revenge attacks on civilians in villages near the Tigris River . Victims are accusing the Sab’wai tribal militia, which is a Sunni group, of torture and false imprisonment. There are also reports that Shi’ite militiamen are interrogating civilians on the western Mosul front. In Mosul , civilians by the hundreds were able to escape the Samah neighborhood. Security forces liberated Min Gar and four other villages near Hammam al-Alil. Khafsan, Munita and Qutba were also reported freed . Also captured were Abbasiya, Ayn Shahlub, Bazzunnah, Kharar, Khubairat, Mankar, Qahira, Rahmaniyah, Shahlub, Tal Saif al Athari, Um Izzam, and Ayn al Jahsh factory. Shi’ite militiamen reported the capture of a highway linking Mosul with Raqqa , Syria. At least 283 people were killed and 84 were wounded in recent violence: In Mosul , militants killed 150 civilians as they retreated from Gogjiali . Airstrikes left 100 militants dead and 40 wounded . Eight militants were killed during house-to-house searches in Gogjiali . East of Mosul in the direction of Tal Afar , Shi’ite militias encountered many booby-traps in villages they recaptured. At least 15 militiamen were killed and 30 were wounded ."
"Attack Was Meant to 'Defend' US Troops Under Fire by Jason Ditz, November 03, 2016 Share This 
Two US soldiers and four Afghan special forces were killed, and three other US soldiers wounded in heavy fighting with the Taliban this morning, as the Taliban attempted to surge into an area around the northern city of Kunduz. As they usually do, the troops called in airstrikes to “break the siege.” 
Instead of breaking the siege, the US warplanes pounded the village of Bouz Kandahari, destroying a number of houses and killing at least 30 civilians . 25 further civilians were wounded in the attack, fueling protests outside the governor’s office in Kunduz. 
NATO conceded immediately that the coalition was behind the airstrikes, but appeared relatively unrepentant about it, insisting all the civilian deaths were because the Taliban were using the houses for “cover,” which of course is not a legal justification for bombing the houses. 
US commander Gen. John Nicholson issued a statement after the incidents, offering condolences to the families of the two US soldiers who were slain. Defense Secretary Ash Carter also said he was “saddened” by the deaths of the US troops, but neither offered much of anything in comments on the dozens of dead civilians. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Accuses Clinton Campaign of 'Neo-McCarthyist Hysteria' by Jason Ditz, November 03, 2016 Share This 
In an interview with John Pilger, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has confirmed today that the organization did not get any of the hacked emails they published from the Russian government. WikiLeaks has a long-standing policy of not commenting on sources , so even such a denial is highly unusual. 
Assange insisted however that it was necessary to deny the claims, saying that Hillary Clinton’s camp “has been able to project a neo-McCarthyist hysteria” with false claims that Russia’s government in behind the hacked emails as part of a plot to rig next week’s election. 
Russia has long denied being involved in the hacking, but the Clinton campaign has run heavily on the issue, accusing Republican candidate Donald Trump of being a “puppet” of the Russian government, who they are trying to install by leaking embarrassing emails. 
The campai