gn’s allegations have so far been pretty effective at limiting media coverage of the content of the leaks, with a lot more attention going to the speculation that Russia is plotting to “hack the vote” for Trump. Whether Assange’s straightforward denial is sufficient to bring the focus back to content remains to be seen, though the Democratic campaign is unlikely to give up what has been materially their main talking point over the past several months just because the facts don’t support it. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Attacks Ramp Up Ahead of Russia's New Ceasefire by Jason Ditz, November 03, 2016 Share This 
A coalition of Syrian rebels led by the Nusra Front have been attacking government-held Western Aleppo since Friday, and escalated the strikes ahead of Russia’s new ceasefire. Reports out of the city suggest heavy firing against government-held neighborhoods. 
While details are still emerging, 12 civilians were reported slain in the firing, and around 200 others were wounded . This toll is independent of the toll from fighting on the ground between rebels and military forces, for which no official figures have yet been released. 
The Russian ceasefire is intended to offer a 10-hour window during which the rebels can leave the city freely through two corridors, taking their weapons and anything else with them, though the rebels have already denounced both the offer and the ceasefire, insisting they will never surrender the city. 
Both sides have been trading fire for months, often shelling one another’s neighborhoods, attacks which tend to kill a lot more civilian bystanders than combatants. They also trade offensives and counteroffensives, aiming to take control of the entire city. 
So far, neither side has been able to get serious gains in the fighting over the city. Some smaller gains by the Syrian military last month appear to be getting reversed with this new offensive by the rebels from outside the city. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Fastaqim Positions Overrun, Fighters Detained by Jason Ditz, November 03, 2016 Share This 
With the Nusra Front-led rebels in Aleppo still engaged in a major offensive against government forces in the western part of the city, they also found time to launch a whole separate offensive against another faction of rebels with which they used to be allied in the city. 
Nusra and its still remaining allies attacked and overran a number of positions belonging to the Fastaqim force, which like the other Nusra allies, is presented as “moderates” who are nominally aligned with the Free Syrian Army (FSA) as well as the al-Qaeda-linked Nusra. 
Fighting was reported to have ended and there are negotiations ongoing among the factions, though some reports suggest Fastaqim lost the majority of their positions and that a large chunk of their fighters have been detained, though the group’s leadership downplayed the losses. 
It’s unclear how significant the infighting will end up being in the context of ongoing fighting with government forces around Aleppo, though it certainly raises questions about the unity among the rebel coalition within the city, and whether the larger forces are going to turn on any other smaller allies in the meantime. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Says Iraq Will Deal With Turkey 'As an Enemy' by Jason Ditz, November 03, 2016 Share This 
In comments broadcast on Iraqi state television, Prime Minister Hayder Abadi confirmed that his nation is “ready” for a full-scale military confrontation with neighboring Turkey, insisting Iraq doesn’t necessarily want war, but is prepared to deal with Turkey “as an enemy.” 
The comments come just over a day after Turkey began massing tanks and artillery along the Iraqi border, which Turkish defense officials insisted were simply aimed to prepare for potential “ developments in the region .” 
The two nations have had testy relations for over a year, however, related to a number of Turkish ground troops deployed in Iraq without Abadi’s permission, and their refusal to leave. Turkish President Erdogan has claimed Turkey retains an interest in Mosul, whose loss to a League of Nations ruling in the 1920s they don’t recognize, and Erdogan has also warned that Abadi and the Iraqi government are not “at his level” where they can speak to him as an equal on the matter. 
The US has been trying to keep the two nations at least civil for the sake of the Mosul invasion, but claims by Pentagon officials that the two had an agreement in principle to work together clearly never panned out, and tensions are still on the rise. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Pentagon Claims Comments Prove Baghdadi Losing Control by Jason Ditz, November 03, 2016 Share This 
In a newly released audio recording, ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi expressed confidence that his forces would succeed in defending Mosul from an ongoing offensive by what he referred to as “enemies of God.,” saying he is convinced this is the prelude to victory. 
Mosul is ISIS’ largest city, with the metro area home to about 1.5 million people. It is their last major city within Iraqi territory, and the US has presented their imminent defeat in the city as spelling the effective end to the ISIS caliphate. 
Baghdadi insisted there could be no surrender in the fight, a statement which is literally true since the US has insisted they intend to kill every ISIS fighter who attempts to flee the city with airstrikes Baghdadi suggested there would be retaliatory suicide attacks abroad that would wreak havoc on “unbelievers,” and “make their blood flow as rivers.” 
The Pentagon, always upbeat about wars everywhere, said Baghdadi’s confident statement proved he is losing control of ISIS in general, and that he was desperately trying to prevent infighting, adding “we don’t believe it is going to work.” Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"If ISIS is such a mortal threat to the United States, why has US military action in Iraq and Syria been proceeding at such a leisurely pace? Is it possible that ISIS and al-Qaeda in Syria are being used — or even supported — by the US and its allies as a “regime change” weapon against Syria’s Assad government? The US pursued this policy before, when it used Saudi-trained radicals to fight a Soviet-backed government in Afghanistan. Those radicals became al-Qaeda…

Reprinted from The Ron Paul Institute for Peace & Prosperity . 
"
"Insists SDF the 'Only Force' That Will Invade the ISIS Capital by Jason Ditz, November 03, 2016 Share This 
A new statement from the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), a faction which is dominated by the Kurdish YPG, has affirmed that not only will they be participating in the invasion of the ISIS capital city of Raqqa, as previously announced by the US, but that they intend to be the “ only force that will take part in the operation .” 
Even more noteworthy, since the Turkish government has over the past two months repeatedly publicly warned the US that the Kurds mustn’t be allowed to participate in the Raqqa operation at all, the SDF’s statement offered its own warning to the US that Turkey can’t have any role. 
Turkey’s military and its allied rebel factions have been invading northern Syria for some time now, mostly fighting ISIS as well, but Turkish warplanes have repeatedly attacked Kurdish YPG forces as well, mostly notably a few weeks ago when they launched strikes against YPG forces who were engaged in an offensive against ISIS at the time. 
It is unsurprising, then, that neither side is comfortable working with the other in offensives, but still raises the possibility of the two getting into direct combat over who gets to attack Raqqa. This is particularly true since Turkey is still resenting their exclusion from Iraq’s invasion of Mosul. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Sources Claim 'Most' of Saudi Leadership Endorses Plan by Jason Ditz, November 03, 2016 Share This 
The UN peace plan for Yemen, which involves the creation of an interim unity government, appeared dead on arrival when it was endorsed by the Shi’ite Houthis as a promising start, but immediately condemned by the Saudi-backed Hadi government. New reports, however, suggest the Saudis may be breathing new life into the matter. 
Publicly, the Saudi government has not commented on the plan yet, but those familiar with the situation say that most if not all of the leadership supports the plan , and that they’ve been quietly pushing Hadi in the direction of allowing it as a basis for peace talks. 
The plan would allow Hadi to hold a nominal leadership position, but insists it would be entirely a figurehead position with little to no real power. Hadi became Yemen’s president in 2012 in a one candidate vote, and unilaterally extended his two-year term in office beyond that date. 
The United Arab Emirates has already publicly backed the peace deal, becoming the first member of the Saudi coalition to do so. Saudi Arabia attacked Yemen in March of 2015, vowing to reinstall Hadi as president after he resigned two months prior. The ongoing war has caused growing international outcry, however, and there is more pressure to resolve the situation. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Officials Concede Plan Could Change, as Could Definition of 'Mosul' by Jason Ditz, November 03, 2016 Share This 
The US has made much of its troops involved in the Mosul invasion not being “combat” troops, even though one of the troops was killed in a roadside bombing while embedded with Kurdish combat troops. As the troops near Mosul, however, Pentagon spokesman Col. John Dorrian insists there are no plans so far for troops to enter Mosul. 
Col. Dorrian insisted that Iraq’s government has said “it’s just gonna be their forces.” He did, however, say he didn’t want to say US troops would “never” be involved, insisting that the plans could change at any time. 
Other officials, quoted anonymously by Reuters , suggested that the definition of Mosul could also change, saying that suburbs and parts of the city’s outskirts could easily be redefined as not Mosul, allowing US troops to enter those areas without having to technically “enter Mosul.” 
