The Obama Administration initially promised “no boots on the ground” in Iraq, but with some 6,000 such troops in Iraq, they’ve seen been trying desperately to claim they are in “non-combat” roles. This too has been difficult to sell, with a number of those troops embedded in combat units. Those troops are nominally “advisers,” but are regularly being put into combat areas. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Jordan Claims US Vehicle 'Failed to Stop' at Gate by Jason Ditz, November 04, 2016 Share This 
Three US soldiers assigned to a training operation in Jordan were killed today by Jordanian troops at the al-Jafr Air Base, when base security opened fire on them near the gate. One Jordanian soldier was also reported wounded in the incident. 
Unlike other recent incidents of US soldiers killed by allies, this incident was not chalked up to infiltration by rogue elements. Rather, Jordanian officials blamed the US soldiers, claiming their vehicle failed to stop at the gate to the air base and security reacted. 
The Pentagon was a little less cut and dry on the matter, saying they can’t say for sure if it was a “deliberate” attempt to kill US soldiers or some sort of misunderstanding. They say they are working with the Jordanian government to gather more details. 
US trainers in Jordan are there to train Syrian rebels, an operation which has been ongoing for years. Last year in November, two US contractors were killed in another incident in which a police officer opened fire on them. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Pentagon Preparing for Massive Election Day Hacking Offensive by Jason Ditz, November 04, 2016 Share This 
This US has publicly threatened ‘retaliatory’ hacks against Russia for weeks now, based on allegations that Russia may have been involved in certain hacks related to Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. Russia denied involvement and the US government has been unable to produce any concrete evidence of Russian involvement. 
Vice President Joe Biden went so far as to confirm the US had informed Vladimir Putin that the US would conduct revenge attacks “at the time of our choosing.” The time may ultimately be America’s election day, according to officials familiar with the situation. 
NBC News has reported seeing top secret documents from these officials detailing potential US plans to launch military cyber attacks against Russia’s civilian infrastructure, with the documents claiming advanced US cyber weapons were prepared to take down Russia’s entire electricity grid, all telecommunications networks, and the Kremlin’s own command systems. 
The reports are emerging in the context of US officials speculating that Russia might launch cyber attacks against the US during the election to try to disrupt it. Since they offered no evidence for this either, it raises concerns that the US is simply setting up a pretext for timing its own attacks around them. 
That officials are trying to assure the media that such huge attacks would only be launched in retaliation offers little comfort, given the administration’s willingness to claim anything and everything remotely election-related and embarrassing to the Clinton campaign as a Russian plot. 
Such massive US attacks on Russian infrastructure, regardless of the pretext, would likely be seen as an act of war. The US has made clear in the past they would regard cyber attacks of a large enough scale as equivalent to conventional military attacks, and given the scale that it being discussed it’s hard to imagine Russia would not react similarly. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"About 25% of the Fighters Are Foreigners by Jason Ditz, November 04, 2016 Share This 
A new report being circulated by the United Nations reveals a growing number of opposition fighters in Afghanistan, some 15 years after the initial US-led invasion and occupation of the country, with the most recent estimates suggesting about 45,000 opposition fighters present in the country . 
While these figures are generally dominated by the Taliban insurgency, it also includes a significant ISIS affiliate in the country, along with al-Qaeda supporters and others simply described by the UN as “bad actors.” An estimated 20-25% of the fighters are foreigners. 
The opposition fighter figure is never exactly a clear number, but the trend has definitely been toward growth , with NATO estimates of 25,000 to 30,000 in 2010 growing to 35,000 by mid-2012. The foreign fighters in the country are a significant factor, including a large number of Pakistanis and Uzbeks. 
This growth is in spite of ever-increasing efforts to control the Afghan-Pakistan border, as well as claims of massive death tolls by the Afghan government in attacks against both Taliban and ISIS forces. 
The increase in opposition fighters makes sense, however, in the context of the growing percentage of the country under opposition control, with recent reports suggesting that only 63.4% of Afghanistan can rightly be called under control anymore. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"US Intelligence Sees Attacks Likely Ahead of Tuesday Vote by Jason Ditz, November 04, 2016 Share This 
US intelligence officials have reportedly warned law enforcement around the country of the potential for multiple al-Qaeda terrorist attacks on Monday, aimed to coincide with the day before the US election. The reports were described as “ possibly legitimate and concerning. ” 
Details are still scant, but the intelligence has singled out New York, Virginia, and Texas as the mostly likely targets. Even then, they offered no details on potential locations, saying al-Qaeda and its affiliates are eager to regain their relevance. 
A NYPD spokesman briefed on the matter said that the threats “ lack specificity ,” however local police around the country were said to have been warned that polling places are considered “attractive targets” for both organized and homegrown terror attacks. 
Of course, saying that any upcoming event is a potential “attractive target” is not unusual these days, and hardly a significant holiday goes by in the US where warnings and briefings about potential attacks are not heavily publicized. 
The Monday warning offers some unusual details, however, as generally one would think the day of the election itself would be the target, when more people are queuing up for the vote. An attack the day before the election would, however, cast a rather dramatic pall over the entire matter. Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz"
"Locals Caught in Crossfire Between Troops, ISIS   
While early fighting in Mosul was presented as comparatively easy by Iraqi officials, as the troops near the city, the fighting is starting to get more fierce, and the civilian population trapped in the area is increasingly caught in the crossfire . 
Increased fighting, and higher population density are a dangerous combination, and locals by and large are being prevented from fleeing the area. Unsurprisingly, this is leading to reports of a growing number of civilians killed and wounded in the area. 
This has the PR people going into high gear, trying to manage the narrative around the deaths, with Western and Iraq officials accusing ISIS of forcing civilians into the city to use as human shields, and preventing them from relocating outside the city. 
While some reports suggest this may be accurate, the US has also talked openly of conducting airstrikes against all “fighters” fleeing the city, which has led the Iraqi government to openly warn the civilian population of Mosul against fleeing , lest they get targeted as welll. 
Civilians getting mistaken for fleeing ISIS fighters has been an ongoing problem for the US, who killed hundreds of civilians around the Syrian city of Manbij in such mistakes. Manbij was a much smaller city than Mosul, which has a population of over a million people potentially in the line of fire.  "
"Afghan Officials Say Taliban Used Locals as 'Human Shields'   
Hundreds of angry mourners gathered today in the north Afghan village of Bouz Kandahari to bury an estimated 30 civilian victims of a US airstrike the previous day. The locals noted that many of the civilians being buried were infants and small children. 
Two US soldiers and four Afghan soldiers were killed in fighting with the Taliban near the village Thursday morning, and the airstrikes were called in, supposedly in an attempt to break the Taliban siege against the village. Instead, the airstrikes hit the village, destroying several homes and killing those within. 
NATO promised an investigation into the details of the matter, but Afghan officials appeared to be shrugging the matter off, insisting the Taliban were using the locals as “human shields” by virtue of their operating somewhat near their homes. 
US statements on the fighting and airstrikes have more or less ignored the civilian toll entirely, insisting only that they take such reports “seriously,” and then going into details about the condolences they offer for the US soldiers killed in the fighting. 
Bouz Kandahari is near the city of Kunduz, which was taken over briefly last year by the Taliban. The Taliban has been advancing in the area in recent weeks, along with offensives against the capitals of two other provinces, Helmand and Uruzgan.  "
"Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. PLEASE DONATE TO KEEP BARE NAKED ISLAM UP AND RUNNING. Choose DONATE for one-time donation or SUBSCRIBE for monthly donations Payment Options GET ALL NEW BNI POSTS/LINKS ON TWITTER Subscribe to Blog via Email 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address"
"BNI Store Oct 26 2016 Coming soon, to a French neighborhood near you…7,000 MORE illegal alien Muslim invaders who set fire to their Calais jungle camp as the camp was being shut down Hey, where are all the women and children? Reuters French authorities said on Wednesday they had finished clearing the “Jungle”, a squalid shantytown outside Calais built by Muslim invaders who had hoped to make the passage to Britain but whose last inhabitants are now mostly dispersed around France.