 The operation passed off peacefully for the most part, though some migrants torched tents and shelters in a last act of defiance as their hopes of a new life in Britain evaporated. Some reports say that British anarchists set fire to the tents. “This is the end of the ‘Jungle’,” Calais regional prefect Fabienne Buccio said. “Mission accomplished.” Earlier in the day, riot police spread out around the camp, and fire trucks moved in to put out blazes that sent plumes of smoke into the sky. Muslim freeloaders from the Middle East, Asia and Africa congregated to Calais hoping to cross the short stretch of sea to Britain by leaping on trucks and trains, or even walking through the tunnel under the Channel. Britain refused to accept the vast majority of them – apart from a number of unaccompanied child migrants (who are actually adults in their 20’s and 30’s) now being processed separately – and high fences were built to keep them away from the port traffic, but still they came. Local opposition to the sprawling slum, along with growing criticism from right-wing politicians, finally stung the French government into action. The British referendum vote this year to quit the European Union was in large part driven by such worries, and stoked by scenes of the Calais migrants trying to force their way in. Hamid, 30, from Afghanistan, said he had been among those setting fire to shelters in the Jungle, and still hoped to cross the Channel to Britain. “We don’t care about problems that are to come after this. We did it because we don’t want to stay in France,” he said. “We want to go to England and England only. It doesn’t matter if I go to jail here.”"
"GERMANY: Syrian Muslim invader shouting “Allahu Akbar” disrupts church wedding, gropes statue of Virgin Mary A newlywed couple claims their big day was ruined when a Muslim illegal alien burst inside the church shouting ‘Allahu Akbar’ and then started tearing down wedding decorations, laughing wildly, and fondling a statue of the Virgin Mary. ( Maybe he had a ‘sexual emergency?’ ) Karmel Church in Duisburg UK Daily Mail (h/t Brenda K) Groom Marcel Lohbeck, 35, and bride Friederike were celebrating their wedding with 90 guests in the Karmel Church in Duisburg, a city in western Germany . Lochbeck said: ‘At the beginning of the ceremony, a man with a thick jumper and a hat on came into the church and sat in the back row. ‘Shortly afterwards, he stood up and wandered around the candles. He laughed in a disturbing manner and then fondled the statue of Mary. ‘He had been speaking in Arabic and partly English. He then started destroying the flowers and kept shouting “Allahu Akbar”.’ Police officer Ludger A., 57, the uncle of the groom, reportedly tried to intervene along with the church sexton. The officer said: ‘We tried to calm the Syrian Muslim invader.’ After the man again refused to leave the church, there was a fight in which the police officer got slight injuries to his face. Yet he managed to restrain the man until his colleagues from the Duisburg police could arrive. After a medical examination, the 23-year-old Syrian was taken to a psychiatric hospital. Well, at least he didn’t destroy the statue and urinate on it as Muslims did HERE :"
"Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. PLEASE DONATE TO KEEP BARE NAKED ISLAM UP AND RUNNING. Choose DONATE for one-time donation or SUBSCRIBE for monthly donations Payment Options GET ALL NEW BNI POSTS/LINKS ON TWITTER Subscribe to Blog via Email 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address"
"Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. PLEASE DONATE TO KEEP BARE NAKED ISLAM UP AND RUNNING. Choose DONATE for one-time donation or SUBSCRIBE for monthly donations Payment Options GET ALL NEW BNI POSTS/LINKS ON TWITTER Subscribe to Blog via Email 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address"
"BNI Store Oct 26 2016 When a Muslim in America runs for political office, the ONLY reason he is running is to spread Islam. Period. FLORIDA: Mass mailing sent to Temple Terrace homes in the Tampa area questions whether or not a Muslim candidate is fit for office and offers solid reasons why he probably is not. CAIR-Florida City Council candidate Wael Odeh has lived more than three decades in this town of 25,000 straddling the Hillsborough River. Odeh is also a Muslim, born in Palestinian territory, and some believes that’s enough to disqualify him from election to the City Council. An anonymous letter has been mailed to a number of addresses in Temple Terrace questioning whether City Hall is safe with a Muslim working there and whether Odeh has ties to terrorism. The typewritten, single-spaced, one-page letter is dated October 2016. Among a number of questions it poses: “Could Odeh’s election be a foot in the door of Sharia Law’s subtle influence in our community?” Sharia is the detailed system of religious law developed by Muslim scholars in the early centuries of Islam and still in force among fundamentalists. Among other questions raised in the letter are why Odeh has not revealed in campaign mailers where he was born. The letter also questions whether he forces his wife into a subservient role, as do some observers of sharia. In addition, the letter says that designated terrorist group CAIR (Council on American-Islamic Relations) endorses Odeh and claims the group has links to terrorism (It does) . In a statement to the Times, CAIR Florida’s government affairs director Laila Abdelaziz said, “This unfounded and slanderous attack on Mr. Odeh is concerning, and we hope Temple Terrace residents, community leaders and neighbors will reject its Islamophobic message.” Still, Temple Terrace City Council member Grant Rimbey said he worries the truth may not matter to a certain block of voters. “That is the sad reality,” Rimbey said. “I think there is racism in the city” and there are people “who want to keep Temple Terrace looking like it did in 1952 forever.” (What “race” is Islam?) Rimbey and Odeh estimate that 20 to 25 percent of Temple Terrace’s population is Muslim. (Now, that really IS disturbing – more Muslim block-busting) Six candidates have applied for two open seats on the council; the two candidates recording the most votes Nov. 8 will fill the positions. Odeh said he invites anyone with questions about Muslims to reach out to him — including the author of the anonymous letter. “If he wanted to learn more, he should have come to me directly.” (He learned everything he needed to know about Muslims on 9/11)"
"Donald Trump is on track to win more black votes than any time since 1960. In the past month, the number of black voters for Donald Trump has increased significantly. These black Trump supporters from Chicago don't want anything to do with #CrookedHillary #TrumpPence2016 #MAGA pic.twitter.com/8JRRR7Ai1l 
— RSBN TV (@RSBNetwork) July 29, 2016 Gateway Pundit If Democrats lose 25% of the black vote they would lose Virginia, Florida, Ohio and North Carolina. Black Likely Voters for TRUMP @Rasmussen_Poll Oct 3 – 9%"
"October 26, 2016 @ 9:37 pm 
FaceBook has censored my posts on Donald Trump. Susan K October 26, 2016 @ 9:09 pm 
It will not work. They can try and try and try again. Going around in circles. I must admit it is very pleasant to know how distressed some groups are because of Donald Trump. When Donald Trump is elected, and he will be, he should make it very clear he will not deal with any country persecuting freedom of speech. Az gal October 26, 2016 @ 8:32 pm 
The Globalists are waging war on Donald Trump. Democracy is dead or dying. We are the soldiers for freedom. Our most important weapon is our vote! VOTE TRUMP!"
"BNI Store Oct 26 2016 Always under fire from designated terrorist group CAIR, former FBI agent and counter-terrorism expert, John Guandolo, is the go-to person for training law enforcement officers about the growing threat Islam poses to America Every time Guandolo is scheduled to give a speech or a training session, CAIR thugs try to shut him down in advance. At the recent Breaking the Silence ” conference in Colorado Springs, Guandolo warned that Muslims in America are getting jobs at airports, hotels, convenience stores and cab companies as part of a growing “insurgency” and an “intentional plan” to “occupy the land.” “Why are they building huge, $100 million mosques in areas where there are like 100 or 90 Muslims?” he asked. “Because, when they build a mosque they’re claiming territory, now all they have to do is occupy it. So they’re calling Muslims to occupy the land. All of this, they have an intentional plan and it’s based in Islamic doctrine and they’re putting it to work through what they’re doing.” CAIR’s relentless harassment of John Guandolo:"
"BNI Store Oct 27 2016 GERMANY: Gang of Syrian Muslim boys banned from swimming pool after sexually molesting girls as young as nine How about banning ALL Muslims? Police have launched an investigation after a gang of young Syrian asylum-seekers sexually harassed three schoolgirls at their local swimming pool. The girls – sisters aged 9, 11 and 14 – were surrounded and molested by seven Muslims, the youngest of whom was just seven. UK Express (h/t Terry D) The father of the schoolgirls said he had dropped them off at the swimming pool as a treat for the older girl’s 14th birthday. He said as soon as they started swimming they were harassed by the Muslim boys who surrounded them in the pool. The man said: “Five of the boys touched the girls’ breasts and bottoms.” He said his 11 year-old daughter managed to get away from the youths and ran to the pool supervisor to ask for help. Guess these girls didn’t have the “Don’t rape me” tattoos Germany has been giving out A police spokeswoman said the suspects were being investigated for sexual offences. She said one of the boys was 14-years-old and the rest were children between the seven an