 loudspeakers and the local city council is now majority-Muslim . Parts of Amarillo, Texas, have been flooded with so many Muslim refugees that some ethnic enclaves claim to have elected their own tribal leaders independent of the city government, the city’s mayor recently testified before the Texas Legislature . Then there is Dearborn, Michigan, which is now 40 percent Muslim and spilling over into neighboring cities and towns. Documentary filmmaker Dennis Michael Lynch recently drove through Dearborn, guided by a lifelong resident of the city named Brian (see video below). What Brian showed him was not just a culture shift but something closer to a shock. Women walk the streets dressed in long, black burqas that cover all but their eyes. Almost all the signs on storefronts are in Arabic or some other Middle Eastern dialect. Arab businessmen buy up commercial properties, force out the American tenants and replace them with similar businesses run by Muslims, Brian told Lynch in the documentary. The same phenomenon is now beginning to occur in nearby Sterling Heights, Troy, Oak Park and Clinton Township. In Sterling Heights, residents informed WND this week that Middle Eastern refugees are being housed in a local hotel owned by an Arab-American businessman. But in Dearborn, the tremendous growth in the Muslim community started more than 20 years ago, fueled by local universities and industry. Muslims voting for Muslims only “Brian still lives there. He’s not going anywhere,” Lynch told WND in an interview. “It depends on where you go in the city, but certain segments are 100 percent Muslim. Brian said to be prepared. We went through the areas, went shopping at the food mart. You really don’t feel like you are in America anymore.” Lynch said he was a regular contributor on Fox News between 2012 and 2015, until he started making hard-hitting documentaries on the U.S. immigration system. In certain areas in Dearborn. “You have two areas, and it’s almost like the Ford plants separate the two sides, and when you cross to the other side it’s totally radical again. We went to a park where kids were playing after school with the mothers all there, and everybody was dressed in full burqa. It was almost like it was Halloween. I’d never seen anything like it in my life.” Dearborn does not exist on an island. Residents of southeastern Michigan have every reason to expect their towns will one day look like Dearborn, Lynch said, thanks to President Obama’s Syrian refugee resettlement program, which Hillary Clinton says she’d like to expand by more than 500 percent. This is “Hillary’s America,” says a resident of nearby Rochester Hills who is one of the co-founders of SecureMichigan.org , a group that started up last year with the mission of helping educate Michiganders about Shariah law and Islamic settlements. He said the Islamization is literally moving from town to town in Oakland, Macomb and Wayne counties. “The Sterling Heights story is significant because we have these budding ‘Shariahvilles’ in Michigan,” he said. “We know there are refugees being planted. Now, in Rochester Hills, I’ve got five covered women walking down my street, and that’s never happened until two weeks ago.” In one 18-day period from Oct. 1 through Oct. 18, the U.S. State Department and its federal contractors have sent 199 Syrians to three counties in southeast Michigan – Oakland, Macomb and Wayne –and Oakland County leaders have not received any advance notice of the arrivals, said sources familiar with the growing controversy. The government contractors secretly planting the refugees in southeast Michigan are Lutheran Services/Samaritas, Catholic Charities of Southeast Michigan, USRI and Episcopal Migration Services. In Dearborn, the tremendous growth in the Muslim community started more than 20 years ago, fueled by local universities and industry. “Brian still lives there. He’s not going anywhere,” Lynch told WND in an interview. “It depends on where you go in the city, but certain segments are 100 percent Muslim. Brian said to be prepared. We went through the areas, went shopping at the food mart. You really Dearborn is but a harbinger of things to come for many more cities and towns across America if Hillary Clinton is elected president of the United States. “I think if she gets elected you’re going to see more immigration from Mideast countries than under any of the previous presidents including Obama, because she obviously has ties to those countries, getting an incredible amount of money donated from them,” Lynch said. “These donations come with strings. They come with side deals, and we don’t know what they are. It may be something as simple as ‘OK, we want to see more immigration from our country or some other country into the United States.’ Why else is there any need to increase the Syrian refugee settlements in America? There’s no reason. “If you look at all at the pay-for-play things, Muslims have said they want to spread Islam across the globe. The one country that doesn’t have that much of it is the United States.” Member of first Muslim-majority City Council warns: “Today we show the Polish”…thatMuslims are in charge. Within moments of winning the city’s election, an organizer involved in the government takeover was caught making ominous threats against non-Muslims in the city. HillaryDaily T his warning is no doubt troubling in its own right, but becomes even more unsettling when one pairs the comment with recent polling that suggests what Muslims would do should they take over any facet of government. Over half reject the first amendment, while 46% want blasphemers punished. 12% percent would even like to see those who commit blasphemy killed outright. Given their comments about the white population in the area, coupled with the sobering statistics outlined in the recent poll, it looks as if the city of Hamtramck, Michigan may be faced with a extremist city council under which they must be governed."
"HUGE! Has Wikileaks finally burst the Hillary Clinton bubble? When the mainstream media including the New York Times, Wall Street Journal, MSNBC, Bloomberg , and Washington Post, have lifted their coordinated blackout on all things negative about Hillary Clinton, you know it’s bad. Next week, Julian Assange is set to release Hillary’s actual emails which could be the smoking gun that finally brings her down. Be sure to watch the MSNBC segment in below video: 
h/t Trico"
"Christine t October 28, 2016 @ 2:59 pm 
Why oh why did they vote that POS Trudeau in. At least possible good news in Germany 3 parties are clubbing together and possibly the fat frau could be gone in a week. Mind you uk daily xpress always puts out rubbish headlines. Dont know who the Peto Party are in Germany but there are another bunch of traitors and strangely enough have 65% of the votes in one town where theyre using public dollars to build mosques. Germans need to break out the clubs on that lot"
"October 28, 2016 @ 3:07 pm 
Reports are coming in now of absentee ballots being stolen from mailboxes in Billings, Montana. 
Bigger issue: FBI has now reopened their investigation into Hilloween’s emails! Have found new ones. My concern is, how is someone under federal investigation going to fulfill the duties of the office of the presidency? That person would be focusing on their defense, not the well being of the American People! How is someone barred from access to Highly Classified Information going to be able to act in the interest of our country? A successful impeachment would see Kaine elevated to the presidency! He must be sitting behind the scenes, rubbing his hands in eager anticipation!”My precious! My precious!” All those mindless bots who are voting for this ho, only doing so because they desire to see a woman president will be sorely disappointed to see that office ceded to Tim Kaine! Whatta joke! TRUMP/PENCE!! marlene October 28, 2016 @ 2:50 pm 
I will consider the Constitution Party AFTER Donald Trump has served 8 years as President. When it comes to Congress, unfortunately my state does not allow 3rd parties to vote in the primary. If they did, I’d vote for the Constitution Party to give Trump a Congress he can work with. This also means that if I change to democrat, how can I vote out the democrats in Congress? And if I stay republican, it would be useless to vote them out as it would result in more democrats! My state SUCKS and has the worst rigged voting machines, soros-paid Election Commission criminals, and is a “swing” state. A ‘swing’ state is one where they swing your votes to the other candidate of THEIR choice."
"BNI Store Oct 28 2016 BELGIUM: Iranian Muslim invader found guilty of drugging, repeatedly raping, and threatening to kill a 15-year-old Belgian schoolgirl, GETS NO JAIL TIME! An Iranian Muslim illegal alien migrant who threatened to kill a runaway schoolgirl if she screamed as he repeatedly raped her has been spared any jail in a shock sentencing. The 20-year-old Muslim whose identity is being protected ( why? ), was found guilty of drugging, raping, and threatening the young girl by the court in Tongeren, Belgium. But the typical Muslim pervert has been spared jail in a shock verdict – and got away with a suspended sentence. UK Express The harrowing incident happened in April 2014, after the young girl and a female friend ran away from their hometown of Bertem. When the friend decided to return home two days later, the 15-year-old carried on her journey – taking a bus from Hasselt to Genk on her own. There, after arriving at 11pm on April 20, she took up with a gang of other young people who were hanging around in the city centre, and was taken to one of their apartments where she was plied with alcohol and drugs. The young girl later fell asleep at the flat, but was woken up just hours later by the 20-year-old Iranian Muslim who repeatedly raped her. During the horrific sex attack, she was bitten by her abuser and nearly suffocated after he put his hands around her throat to stop her screaming. He threatened to kill her if she continued t