he goods are unbranded. He explained: “Unfortunately they come to Italy with the asylum reception systems of northern Europe as a model. When they arrived we gave them clothes, standard clothes. “But they want brand-name clothes like Armani and Boss, and they asked for Pirelli shoes. These are their models. When they came to us, they didn’t have clothes, but they all had smartphones,” the Italian added . Forty of the migrants hosted at the Hotel Byron took to the streets to express their dissatisfaction, blocking the traffic. In a video (below) taken outside the hotel on Monday protesters can be seen shouting, in English, that they don’t want to eat pasta. The migrants originate mostly from Senegal, Nigeria, Somalia, Mali and Ghana, Il Gazzettino reported . Migrants frequently hit the headlines in Italy protesting their living conditions in the country, which has recently been hit hard by several earthquakes. In May a group of “unaccompanied minors” launched a violent protest in order to be transferred from Fondachelli Fantina, complaining that there were “too few entertainment possibilities” in the town. After they had completely destroyed the reception centre to the point where it cannot be used again, the Interior Ministry transferred the migrants to a luxury hotel. In June migrants staying in a small town in Sardinia protested for several days demanding better meals, a television set in every room, and a daily coach to take them to the island’s capital, Cagliari. Tensions in the town ran high as the migrants brandished sticks and smashed property. Regional director of the populist Sardinian Action Party, Marcello Orrù, commented on the controversy. He said: “It is intolerable for us to continue to accept these people who don’t like the welcome offered, the meals and their lodgings at the hotel for free. And who then protest to have a television in the room and a daily bus take them to Cagliari for free. “It’s too easy to accuse us of racism and xenophobia, but we refuse to accept this total and grave injustice to the Sardinian people. These boys are muscular and equipped with the latest model iPhones. “I say if they want a TV in the room and maybe even a masseuse, they must be loaded on a ship and sent back to Africa immediately. With a one-way ticket”."
"Why Iranian-American pastor held hostage in Iran is voting for Donald Trump Iranian-American Pastor Saeed Abedini is brimming with gratitude for one U.S. presidential aspirant: Donald Trump. Christian Today In a surprising revelation, Abedini said the Republican presidential nominee helped provide for the needs of his family in Boise, Idaho while he was locked up in an Iranian prison for his faith. The pastor said Trump gave his family $10,000 while he was imprisoned for three and a half years. “I am finally free in a free country. Last year on the same day I was sick and in chains for Christ, and now I can vote to choose my next president,” Abedini said in a post on his Facebook page on Sunday. “And most amazingly, I can vote for someone that I know fought for me and called my name so many times. He met my family and gave them a $10,000 gift. I think his ideas are more biblical than the other candidates,” he added. In contrast, Abedini said Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton did not do or say anything to help secure his release from Iranian prison. The pastor said Clinton never spoke his name or met his family. Abedini family As a woman who says she stands for women’s rights when she was foreign minister, she never contacted my mom, wife, sister or my daughter. She never did anything to help when I was in prison as an American pastor who was detained in Iran as a hostage,” he wrote. (Probably because she was too busy figuring out how to get more Iranian Muslims into the country) Last week, Abedini said he already cast an early vote for Trump in the 2016 presidential election."
"UNIDENTIFIED (MUSLIM?) ‘knifeman’ on the run after stabbing four people at a Frankfurt train station The attack this afternoon occurred at Hauptwache Station and police have said there are four victims. At this stage the motive for the stabbings is not clear. ( It will become crystal clear once you identify the attacker as a Muslim ) UK Daily Mail (h/t larr) The local police force confirmed the attack by Tweeting: ‘There was a knife assault at the #Hauptwache in #Frankfurt. ‘That’s why so many colleagues [police officers] and rescue workers there.’ Frankfurt Police confirmed all four victims were still in hospital. A video of the bloody aftermath was captured on what is understood to be level B of the station. The incident was at 5.30pm local time, according to Hessenschau , who report the stabbings came after a group were quarreling. A dispute had started on one platform and spilled over onto another one. There was more bloodshed in a separate incident at the station, understood to be on a passenger train between Hauptwache and Taunusanlage. A dispute between two passengers broke out into a fight, according to Hessenschau , which led to glass being broken and people suffering cuts. Frankfurt police looked to reassure the public by tweeting: “If we recognized a threat to the local population we would communicate this.” (No, you wouldn’t) The stabbings will still raise fears the attack was ISLAMIC terror-related after a string of incidents across Europe over recent months. Germany has been rocked by ISLAMIC terror attacks this year, heaping pressure on chancellor Angela Merkel’s open-door MUSLIM immigration policy. A bloody week of violence that rocked Germany began on July 18 when Pakistani MUSLIM teenager Riaz Khan Ahmadzai, 17, posing as an Afghan refugee, hacked at passengers on a train in Wurzburg with an axe, wounding five. Four days later, a German-Iranian MUSLIM teenager Ali Sonboly shot nine people dead during a rampage through a shopping centre in Munich before taking his own life. Pour prouver le lien, l'agence Amaq de l' #EI diffuse une video de l'assaillant du train en Allemagne pic.twitter.com/AxT7qcBQj0 
— David Thomson (@_DavidThomson) July 19, 2016 Two days later a Syrian MUSLIM refugee, 21, hacked a pregnant woman to death in Reutlingen and on the same night Daleel, 27, injured 12 people when he detonated a rucksack packed with metal shards and screws. Daleel carried out the attack on behalf of the ISLAMIC terror group ISIS and had planned to kill hundreds by detonating him bomb at an open-air music festival."
"BNI Store Oct 29 2016 EU using taxpayer money to give Muslim invaders in Turkey free debit cards and cash transfers to keep them out of Europe As many as one million illegal alien Muslim colonizers in Turkey will receive debit cards and monthly cash transfers to help pay for food and housing under a new €348 million ($393 million) humanitarian program from the European Union. ZeroHedge The EU’s largest-ever humanitarian program is part of a €3 billion package of assistance the bloc promised Turkey to support some three million refugees the country hosts, mainly from Syria. The new EU program will be overseen by the World Food Program, in cooperation with the Turkish Red Crescent. Each family’s need will be assessed individually and there are additional funds available for education or supporting elderly family members. Step-by-Step Progression into a sinkhole for the EU More refugees will seek free handouts. Turkey will complain €3 billion is not enough. The refugees will complain €1,000 is not enough. EU citizens will wonder why refugees are getting €1,000 and they are not. Demands for an EU-wide helicopter drop of free debit cards will soar. The amounts demanded will soar. Some economist will propose the debit cards will expire if not used quickly. And then, and then ….Under Eurozone rules the ECB cannot simply print money and give it away. Countries have budget constraints. So, either taxes go up to pay for the scheme, or the EMU rules have to change. Western media are reporting on the Muslim refugee crisis as a humanitarian problem for the West only. But where are the media questions about the huge financial and land resources available in the Arab Gulf states of Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Kuwait, and the UAE? So far, the richest Arab Muslim countries in the Middle East have taken in virtually no Muslim refugees. Liveleak The world is often lectured to about the urgency of respecting Arab and Islamic brotherly love, but where is the Arab action to rescue fellow Muslims and Arabs from the claws of ISIS? Where are the mighty Arab armies who waged dozens of wars against Israel? Why aren’t they fighting ISIS and building tent cities in the vast deserts of Arabia, Egypt, Jordan and the wealthy Gulf States? Where is the wealthy Arab League to coordinate safe cities on Arab land that extends from Morocco to Iraq and from Northern Syria to Sudan? Kuwaiti official explains why Kuwait will NOT take in any Syrian refugees “Kuwait and other oil-rich Muslim countries are too valuable to accept low-class Muslim refugees who we will have to support because they don’t want to work. We don’t want people who are different from us.”"
"Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. PLEASE DONATE TO KEEP BARE NAKED ISLAM UP AND RUNNING. Choose DONATE for one-time donation or SUBSCRIBE for monthly donations Payment Options GET ALL NEW BNI POSTS/LINKS ON TWITTER Subscribe to Blog via Email 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address"
"BNI Store Oct 29 2016 The attorney for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is looking for the homeless Black woman seen on video being attacked by a mob of Hillary Clinton supporters as she protected Trump’s star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame after it was sledgehammered by a Clinton supporter earlier this week. Videos of the abuse show people yelling at the woman and knocking her to the ground as the insults continue. RT Michael Cohen, Trump Organization EVP and Special Counsel to Donald J. Trump, spoke out on Twitter Friday evening about Mr. Trump’s desire–b