efore it was known to him that she was attacked by the Clinton mob–to present an unspecified gift to the woman. Cohen said he had a friend in Hollywood looking for her. After learning she had been attacked, Cohen promised she would have “the last laugh on these thugs.” . @ClydeStones she deserves to be treated with dignity and compassion. 
— Michael Cohen (@MichaelCohen212) October 29, 2016 A number of videos titled ‘Crazy 4 Trump’ posted on YouTube show a crowd of people surrounding the woman as she holds up banners in support for the Republican presidential nominee. Her hand-written signs promote pro-Trump messages like “Twenty million illegals and Americans sleep on the streets in tents” and “Donald Trump – keeping it real”. . @DiamondandSilk @realDonaldTrump someone please help me locate this woman as Mr. Trump has a gift for her… 
— Michael Cohen (@MichaelCohen212) October 28, 2016 Some of the banners included provocative language, including one targeting the US president, reading, “Obama threw our black asses under the bus, he owes the Clintons, flip this script (get off the Clinton plantation).” A crowd on Hollywood Boulevard, not a hotspot for Trump supporters, did not share the woman’s political preferences. Nor did they choose to let her be. People are heard yelling insults at the woman, but one man temporarily stops the insults. His words calmed the crowd briefly, but verbal abuses continued as someone started accusing the woman of “spewing” hate. Soon, the situation turned violent, with some physically assaulting the woman and damaging her property. She was knocked off her feet, her cart overturned and her banners torn to pieces."
"SWEDEN HELP WANTED: Activities Coordinator for bored illegal alien Muslim freeloaders and rapists Muslim illegal alien invaders taking up space in Sweden and living off the government dole, say they are vandalizing and burning cars (not to mention gang-raping Swedish girls) because they do not have enough “activities” to keep them busy. Friatider “It is clear as hell that we take out our frustration by destroying and vandalizing when we have a shortage of activities here,” one of the illegals living in Skallberget in Vasteras writes in a letter to the editor in the local newspaper VLT. Vasteras has recently been subjected to a long series of car fires. The submitter tries the young man, who wishes to remain anonymous, explain what the phenomenon is due. He writes that he came to Sweden when he was young and admittedly had “good potential” but that he was subject to persistent “racism” by the authorities. (What “race” is Islam?) “Already at an early age became a man treated differently. Sometimes it was because of ethnicity, sometimes because they were at a certain place, and sometimes just to those very people who were in power felt to fuck with us. So many times I had been propped up against the wall and strip-searched in front of my loved ones. It really depressed me and my value, “he writes. The man writes that the young people in the area feel “oppressed” and that they are burning cars to “get the environment to react and listen.” Among other things, he complains that the objectives of the local football field does not have a network and that it is not organized enough “activities” for young people. “In short, it is clear as hell that we take out our frustration by destroying and vandalizing when we have a shortage of activities here. There is neither good fellowship, activities and things / objects we can make use of.” Submitters have received several responses from readers who are critical of the reasoning. “It’s just a matter of time before someone of obtained or ‘the others’ die if this continues. No pity you – all just hate you more and more,” writes , for example, the signature “Former car owners on Skallberget”. 
v"
"CALIFORNIA Creepy Clown is a Muslim who nearly gets himself killed DAMN! “Nearly” doesn’t count. Guns.com (h/t Gary F) This week, Sadiq Mohammad thought he’d get in on the creepy clown craze – spooking employees at a Taco Bell drive-thru, creeping out a kid playing basketball, who incidentally threw the ball at him. But when he jumped out of some bushes – wearing his clown garb get-up – Mohammad was the one who got the biggest scare. The innocent victim didn’t take lightly to having the bajeezus scared out of him by a man in a clown suit and, after a brief verbal exchange, pulled out a handgun and knocked Muhammad in the head."
"BNI Store Oct 30 2016 GERMAN ‘GESTAPO’ considers prosecuting parents who refused to allow their son to go on a field trip to mosque Parents of a German teenager may face a trial for refusing to pay ‘truancy’ fine after refusing to allow their son to go to a local mosque on a school field trip out of fear that it would lead to his indoctrination by Muslim leaders. RT The story broke in mid-June, when parents of a 13-year-old student opposed the idea of their son visiting a mosque in the northern German town of Rendsburg, reportedly organized as part of a geography class. “What a trip to the mosque has to do with geography classes?” Arthur Dent asked. Others compared the authorities’ actions to the darkest part of German history, with one user tweeting: “Visiting mosques is a top priority under our regime, similar to having a Fuhrer’s image in everyone’s flat.” In a letter to the class teacher quoted by the NDR, the teen’s father argued that his son would be “indoctrinated” in the mosque. He went on to say that “for years we have been hearing reports about religiously-motivated violence connected with Islamic people.” The parents’ lawyer, Alexander Heumann, argues that they refused the school trip out of fear for their son’s “bodily safety.” Denying any faith-based motives, he emphasized that the couple do not belong to any religious group, and are of the opinion that “nobody shall be forced into a sacred place against his good will.” Heumann himself, however, is a former member of the Alternative for Germany party, an anti-immigrant political group, and was a participant in setting up the ‘Dugida,’ a Dusseldorf-based branch of the far-right PEGIDA movement. According to the NDR report, the parents met the lawyer through the ‘Pax Europa’ movement, a civic group which opposes the perceived “Islamization of Europe.” A local education authority subsequently fined the couple a total of €300 ($328). When the parents opposed the fine, their case was forwarded to Peter Mueller-Rakow, a local prosecutor, who will decide whether or not to proceed with a court trial."
"KANSAS: Republican Mailer asks voters “Have you met the new neighbors?” (your ‘Muslim terrorist’ neighbors) The Kansas Republican Party is sending out mailers in legislative races around the state depicting ISIS fighters and explosions from MUSLIM terrorist attacks. A mailer going to homes in east Wichita’s House District 88 shows an ISIS fighter holding a machine gun with a message that reads: “Have you met the new neighbors?” Wichita Eagle The other side of the mailer touts Republican Rep. Joseph Scapa’s support for funding to train Kansas law enforcement officers to “recognize and deal with foreign and domestic threats to our state, from those who support ideologies that are in conflict with the U.S. Constitution and our Kansas values.” Clay Barker, executive director of the Kansas Republican Party, said similar mailers are being sent out around the state. “We did polling and focus groups, and the one issue that got overwhelming positive response and was associated with Republicans was safety,” Barker said. “You know, Gitmo, that article that came out back in August that ISIS had named soldiers for assassinations, police being shot and those knuckleheads in Garden City, it all kind of added up to a security issue … the whole feeling that’s there violence out there. And it’s a positive issue for Republicans.” The Republican mailer specifically depicts ISIS, the Islamic terror group that controls parts of Syria and Iraq. Robert McCraw, director of government affairs for the designated terrorist group CAIR (Council on American-Islamic Relations) in Washington, D.C., called the mailers “a shameful example of scare mongering tactics that I hope the Republican Party can learn to move away from.” He said it was appalling for the state party “to falsely insinuate that the state’s Muslim population is linked to terror groups like ISIS.” “This flier verges on incitement of violence to Muslims.” The Republican-controlled Legislature has passed resolutions opposing the possible transfer of Guantanamo detainees to Fort Leavenworth. Barker said there are several variations of the mailers. One depicts an explosion from a terrorist attack. “It’s one of the few (issues) that was a clear, like high 80 percent positive and associated with Republicans,” Barker said. It’s not only Republicans who don’t want Gitmo terrorists in Kansas Barker also said the party is sending out mailers highlighting Republicans’ support for ousting four of the sitting Kansas Supreme Court justices, portraying Democrats who support retaining the justices as soft on crime. Rep. Joseph Scapa, who said he saw the mailer before it was sent out, focused his comments about the mailer more on Muslim refugees, who he says pose a potential security threat. “We have people coming into our state from parts of the world who believe in ideologies that are incompatible with the United States Constitution and our Kansas values and that poses a threat,” Scapa said. “We know for a fact that we cannot vet the people that are coming into our state from other parts of the world … where they believe in ideologies that we don’t.” 20-year-old Kansas Muslim convert John T. Booker, Jr., could face life in prison for allegedly plotting to bomb a U.S. military base. Scapa’s opponent, Democrat Elizabeth Bishop, criticized the mail campaign, saying the mailers could contribute to animosity toward Muslims in Wichita. (One can on