e involved in terrorism. UK Express DENK proposes a ban on words like ‘native’ and ‘immigrant’ would be introduced, alongside a national holiday to celebrate Muslim diversity. The party aims to reinvent Dutch national identity, and the program is geared towards tackling the institutional racism/Islamophobia it says is endemic in the Netherlands. And part of that is scrapping the government’s ideals of integration, claiming this should not be expected of Muslim migrants, but rather an atmosphere of ‘mutual acceptance’ should be adopted. (In other words, forcing Dutch natives to give up their customs and culture and accommodate the Muslim way of doing things) Tackling racism/Islamophobia should begin in schools, with pro-Islam attitudes promoted in the classroom through citizenship classes, and that students are regularly tested to see if they are meeting the required benchmark."
"BNI Store Oct 31 2016 It isn’t ‘Islamophobia’ when an Oklahoma GOP State Rep. says “Islam is a cancer in our nation that needs to be cut out” Unfortunately, some Christians in Oklahoma, where there has been one savage beheading of a Christian woman by a Muslim and at least one other beheading attempt, seem to think so, and blindly condemn all outspoken critics of Islam…especially the Christians. Nondoc Whining about so-called “Islamophobia is exactly what James Davenport, a Christian political science professor of at Rose State College, is doing . Specifically, he attacks State Rep. John Bennett for holding an interim stud y this past week on the impact of “radical Islam, Shariah Law, the Muslim Brotherhood and the radicalization process” on Oklahoma and the nation. During the course of this study, Rep. Bennett referred to Adam Soltani, the executive director for designated terrorist group CAIR (Council on American-Islamic Relations chapter of Oklahoma), and Imam Imad Enchassi, of the Islamic Society of Greater Oklahoma City, as “terrorists.” As someone who grew up in the Evangelical Christian tradition, and as someone who believes religious freedom remains a fundamental principle of our system of government, I am both offended and saddened at this spectacle. I am offended that a state representative from my state would use the cloak of Christianity to spew hate and bigotry such as this. I am also offended that he would do so while arguing he is defending freedom. Imam Enchassi then got up from his seat in the audience and hugged two members of other faiths who were in attendance. Bennett asked Rep. Randy Grau, R-Edmond, chairman of the Judiciary and Civil Procedure Committee, to admonish members of the audience not to hug a Muslim. In fact, during one exchange between Bennett and Imam Enchassi, the Imam stated, “It’s a free country,” to which Bennett, who served in the U.S. Marines replied, “I know, I fought for it in two wars.” John Guandolo, the founder of UnderstandingtheThreat.com , who served in the Marines and is a former FBI agent, said the Islamic movement in Oklahoma has made significant strides, and he called CAIR-Oklahoma executive director Adam Soltani a terrorist. Under questioning from Bennett, Guandolo said groups in the country’s jihadi network use relationships with other faiths as a tool. But one wonders what, exactly, Bennett fought for. It clearly wasn’t freedom. Neither freedom of religion nor freedom of association seem high on his list of priorities, especially if you happen to be a member of Islam. Perhaps he was fighting for Christianity. The problem with that line of reasoning is there rests absolutely no instruction in the New Testament for believers to physically fight for Christ, or for the faith. In fact, if one were to hold strictly to Christ’s own words on this, one could easily reach the conclusion that Christ expects us not to fight for him (read John 18:36 ). So if Bennett wasn’t fighting for freedom, and he wasn’t fighting for Christianity, what was he fighting for? Perhaps he should spend more time reading the history of his own faith rather than fretting about the supposed threat from Muslims. He would find that this combining of religion and state power never ends well — for anyone. I also mentioned I was saddened by this event. That sadness comes from the fact that I know I will receive pushback from members of my own faith community on this matter. I will be told I do not understand the true threat posed by Islam. I’ll also be told I’ve been blinded to the truth by my immersion in the liberal world of academia. Too many Evangelicals have been convinced by opportunistic political and religious leaders that any acknowledgement or accommodation of Islam is a threat to Christianity itself. I disagree. If allowing others to freely practice their faith, if providing (special and excessive) accommodations to those of Islam and if refusing to use the levers of government to intimidate, harass or oppress minority faiths (the one faith determined to subjugate and dominate those of every other faith) is a threat to Christianity, we Christians have bigger problems than we know. 
If Christians want to have real influence on our society — if we want to spread the good news of God’s love — we must reject the type of political religion promoted by Rep. Bennett and his ilk. We must stand with those of other faiths and affirm that, unlike some in the Oklahoma Legislature , we believe all people of faith are entitled to practice their religion freely without fear of official sanction. “If you are concerned that there are some who wish to destroy the Christian faith, follow Christ’s instructions: “Love your enemies! Do good to those who hate you. Bless those who curse you. Pray for those who hurt you…You must be compassionate, just as your Father is compassionate.” ( Luke 6:27-36 ) (And we see how well that idea has worked out for Christians in the Middle East who are very close to becoming extinct because of the ethnic cleansing by the Muslim majority) RELATED STORIES/VIDEOS:"
"A Swedish MP has lashed out after it was revealed Muslim freeloaders posing as refugees would be allowed to jump ahead of Swedish families in the housing queue. NOT ANYMORE! UK Express Earlier this month Express.co.uk reported several councils in the Scandinavian country are prioritising the requests of asylum seekers ahead of their own citizens, with Muslim migrants given housing straight away, despite Swedes being placed on a huge waiting list. Now 20 accommodations in Klippan, in south Sweden, are being prepared for Muslim migrants after a new policy demanded all available apartments owned by the municipal property company be put aside for asylum seekers. The move has been criticised by Therese Borg, of the Swedish Democrats (SD) party, as she argued the Muslim invaders should be placed on the list and wait their turn. Ms Borg said asylum seekers urgently needed to be placed on the list alongside regular people because hardworking citizens risked growing resentful of the preferential treatment. She told Nyheteridag : “You can see a lot of comments on Facebook. People are pissed off. “There are a lot of teenagers living at home and who are looking for [a small apartment] to move into as it is a good place to start [building a life]. “The small apartments are necessary for [the youth] moving out, but they are not offered them unless the newly arrivals decline to take the property.” Meanwhile aid workers helping migrants say they have been terrified by Muslim attacks which have left them too scared to leave their homes. The SD politician also said the council should start focusing on the migrants already living in the area, rather than focusing funds on asylum seekers who might arrive in the future. Lashing out against the Government and Migration Board, Ms Borg demanded they take responsibility for the migrants they have allowed into the country. Even worse, a lot of Swedish families are being kicked out of their homes in order to accommodate Muslim freeloaders: However, Bert-Inge Karlsson, of the Christian Democrats, blasted Ms Borg’s comments as he insisted her portrayal of the situation was out-of-touch with reality. Mr Karlsson said: “I [question] the way Theresa Borg has portrayed it as if we have an extraordinary housing crisis in the nation. How is it then possible for us to take in so incredibly many. “She has returned to the kind of insinuation… which suggests the entire world could be on its way here.” In March this year, Sweden passed a law requiring all municipalities accept and provide housing for migrants, allowing families and others on the waiting to be placed at the back of the queue. The turmoil nation, which has been plagued with increasing levels of violence and criminal activity , with three police officers quitting each day , is experiencing chronic housing shortages as a result of the country’s generous asylum and migration policies over the last decade."
"UK citizens and war heroes get cheap pre-fab houses while Muslim colonizers get taxpayer-funded luxurious council homes UK Ministers have been forced to put forward plans for pre-fabricated homes after 30,000 luxury council houses were handed out to unemployed illegal alien Muslim migrants. Migration Watch said the costs will continue to rocket if a “sustainable” level of migration is not achieved. UK Daily Mail More than 11,000 households are raking in benefits that are at least the equivalent of a higher rate taxpayers’ £47,000 salary, it was revealed last month. According to official figures, thousands of Muslim migrant families on benefits are living in luxury homes, with many receiving housing handouts of about £5,000 per month – enough to fund a £1million mortgage. Jonathan Isaby, of the TaxPayers’ Alliance, said: ‘Many taxpayers struggling to make ends meet will find it incredibly unfair that some people are drawing more in benefits than they’ve ever actually earned themselves. UK Express (h/t Rob E) A spokesperson said: “There is a long standing controversy over the granting of social housing to immigrants. This has not been helped by local authorities’ reluctance 