to publish the relevant information. “Some immigrant groups have very low use of social housing whereas others are more likely to be in social housing than the UK born. There is absolutely nothing in the rules that state that immigrants should get preferential treatment. “However, priority for social housing is largely determined by need and so some ‘high need’ immigrant families (with multiple wives and large litters of kids) will gain access to housing over longer standing local residents deemed to be of lower need. This can be contentious. The 100,000 pre-fab homes(below) proposed by the Government are a far cry from those properties “fit for heroes” and service personnel who were awarded social housing on their return from the horrors of the First World War. “In the future, any housing strategy must address both supply and demand. The Muslim invasion is a major part of housing demand. “Unless net migration is reduced to a manageable and sustainable level a large house building programme will have to continue indefinitely, with all the costs and loss of amenities involved.” A white paper due out next month includes measures to encourage banks to lend to firms which construct off-site before delivering them to their final destination. A Government source said: “The first and most obvious advantage is speeding up the building of housing. “There is pretty good evidence that if you did it at scale it is cheaper.” This has pushed ministers to plan a new wave of pre-made homes to solve the housing crisis. The prefabricated homes can be built off site in as little as a day and take just 48 hours to install on a site. Jonathan Isaby, of the TaxPayers’ Alliance, said: ‘Many taxpayers struggling to make ends meet will find it incredibly unfair that some people are drawing more in benefits than they’ve ever actually earned themselves. But today when approximately 9,000 of our servicemen and women are sleeping rough after leaving the military, Government figures show how an influx of Muslims has seen 30,000 social housing lettings given to immigrants in 2015. Outrage as Afghan War hero who guarded the Queen is thrown out of council home From 2015, Jamie Streets, 34, spent 15 years in the Household Cavalry and suffered brain damage while on duty. But he, his wife Charmaine and their four children are to be kicked out of temporary accommodation after Cornwall County Council denied them a permanent home. Mr Streets served in both Kosovo and Afghanistan and escorted the Queen on ceremonial duty, holding the rank of corporal of horse. But he was discharged on medical grounds last year after suffering serious head injuries and a brain tumor. Although he recovered enough to return to work, he then suffered a seizure and had to leave the Army. Sorry, we decided that unemployed Muslim colonizers deserve a nicer home than war heroes In an open letter to the Prime Minister and Cornwall Council’s chief executive Andrew Kerr, the Household Cavalry Veterans Association says it is “incensed”. Signed by Secretary Rob Mather, the letter claims taxpayers’ money is spent on “lavish lifestyles and foreign aid”, while “serious issues on our own doorstep are not resolved”. “This is not acceptable treatment of one who served his Queen and country.” The seven-bedroom home in Acton, West London, where an Afghan Muslim family were placed at a cost of £2,875 a week to taxpayers UK: Muslim Welfare ‘Refugees’ Trash The £1.25 Million Home They Are Living In For Free And Laugh About It A family of PALESTINIAN MUSLIM freeloaders provoked outrage yesterday by saying they “deserve” to live in a £1.25 million taxpayer-funded luxury home (above) despite trashing it. The mother, Mrs Mahmoud, gets £20,000 a year in housing benefits to pay her rent. Yet she said: “I don’t care if people think I am not grateful. I am entitled to live in a house like this even if I don’t pay for it. “I deserve to live in a nice house and get benefits because I am human.” The family is one of at least 100 unemployed Muslim invaders living in homes on state handouts that could fund £1million mortgages. Muslim mother of eight was placed in a £2.6m house in Notting Hill, west London at the taxpayers’ expense She has since split with her husband and was given British citizenship five years ago but has never worked in this country. She moved with her two sons and five daughters to the three-bedroom house in Fulham, west London, three years ago. It had just undergone a £76,000 refurbishment, half paid for by the taxpayer. She claims her family is being persecuted because neighbours “don’t want a foreigner to come and live in this street.” Thanks for the nice council house, suckers. Migration Watch said the costs will continue to rocket if a “sustainable” level of migration is not achieved. A spokesperson said: “There is a long standing controversy over the granting of social housing to immigrants. This has not been helped by local authorities’ reluctance to publish the relevant information. There is absolutely nothing in the rules that state that immigrants should get preferential treatment."
"ITALIAN MAYOR blasted for scathing verbal attack on African Muslim savages who have been invading Southern Italy Yes, his words may be racist and anti-Muslim, but look at the videos below to see what African Muslim illegal alien invaders are bringing to Italy and you won’t be so quick to condemn him. What would you say if they did the same thing in your cities? Thousands of Muslims lift their asses to Allah in front of the Coliseum in Rome to protest the government’s closing of hundreds of illegal mosques UK Express (h/t Brenda K) An Italian mayor has come under fire after saying he will shoot ’niggers and gypsies’ and build a pig farm next to mosques as tensions continue to rise over the illegal alien Muslim invasion of southern Italy. More than 160,000 economic freeloaders posing as asylum seekers have been housed in Italy since the start of 2014, according to date from the interior ministry. Italy has been one of the first destinations along migrants typical routes for months, receiving thousands of new arrivals who continue to risk their lives to cross the Mediterranean on rickety smuggler’s boats. But many have been critical of the welcoming of so many refugees – and now one Mayor from the town of Albettone in Vento has launched a scathing attack on the new arrivals. Speaking on La Zanzara on Radio 24, Joe Formaggio said: “Immigrants? If they send them to us, we will protect our houses. We are proud to be racists.” The mayor claims his city “exports brains and imports niggers” who “are less intelligent than us, they are inferior”. Amid possible plans to open a mosque in the city, he claimed he would open a “large farm of pigs if they open a mosque here”. Mr Formaggio added: ”If refugees are sent here to Albettone, the barricades in Gorino will be seen as nothing. “Here we do not want immigrants, niggers or gypsies. They have a lower IQ: history proves it. “We have a shooting range and the highest number of licenses to carry weapons in the whole Veneto region. “And we do not want anyone to come and bother us. They risk their lives around us.” The comments were deemed so strong that the Secretary General of the Vicenza Chamber has been forced to intervene. Calling the comments “irresponsible”, Giampaolo Zanni said: “The Chamber of Vicenza totally rejects the Mayor of Albetton’s statements about the black population. “None of us underestimates the problems arising from illegal alien Muslim invasion migration. “But responses like those of the Mayor of Albettone are not only xenophobic and racist, but are also dangerous as they encourage feelings of racial hatred, and therefore are in stark contrast to the values of our constitution.” Thousands of Italians have come out in large protests against the never-ending Muslim invasion of their country."
"BNI Store Nov 2 2016 ARIZONA Charter School teacher accused of harassment and assault of Somali Muslim student just because he is a Muslim Does anyone else smell the stench of designated terrorist group CAIR lurking in the shadows? A sixth grade teacher at the Academy of Excellence, a public charter school in Phoenix, allegedly said to a Muslim student: “You’re a terrorist. I can’t wait until Trump is elected. He’s going to deport you all.” The ACLU has since filed complaints with the Obama Departments of Justice and Education. ABC15 The American Civil Liberties Union says a Somali Muslim immigrant and his sister were expelled from a Phoenix school after a sixth grade teacher allegedly discriminated against him. The complaints were made against Academy of Excellence Charter School, a public charter school in Phoenix. According to a letter sent to both state agencies, the 11-year-old student allegedly was targeted by his sixth grade teacher multiple times during the 2015-2016 school year. The letter accuses the teacher of singling out the student because of his religion and/or nationality. On one occasion, the teacher allegedly showed a video about the Sept. 11 2001 terrorist attacks. The teacher is accused of then telling the student “That’s going to be you,” suggesting that he was to become a terrorist himself, ACLU attorney Heather Weaver said. Earlier in the school year, the same teacher had refused to let A.A. pray during class one day , and is also accused of grabbing the student by his neck and choking him because he would not stop talking with his classmates . The letter said that, during a separate incident in which the teacher was speaking about Donald Trump, she turned to the student and said, “I can’t wait until Trump is elected. He’s going to deport all you Muslims. Muslims shouldn’t be given visas. They’ll probably take away your visa and deport you. You’re going to be the next terrorist, I bet.” Because of the teacher’s comments claimed by the ACLU, the student allegedly was teased by classmates on the bus ride home that day and was accused of plotting to blow up the bus, calling him a 