ious crimes than mishandling classified and top secret emails, sources said. NYPD sources said these new emails include evidence linking Clinton herself and associates to: Money laundering Sex crimes with minors (children) Perjury Pay to play through Clinton Foundation Obstruction of justice Other felony crimes NYPD detectives and a NYPD Chief, the department’s highest rank under Commissioner, said openly that if the FBI and Justice Department fail to garner timely indictments against Clinton and co- conspirators, NYPD will go public with the damaging emails now in the hands of FBI Director James Comey and many FBI field offices. “What’s in the emails is staggering and as a father, it turned my stomach,” the NYPD Chief said. “There is not going to be any Houdini-like escape from what we found. We have copies of everything. We will ship them to Wikileaks or I will personally hold my own press conference if it comes to that.” The NYPD Chief said once Comey saw the alarming contents of the emails he was forced to reopen a criminal probe against Clinton. “People are going to prison,” he said. Meanwhile, FBI sources said Abedin and Weiner were cooperating with federal agents, who have taken over the non-sexting portions the case from NYPD. The husband-and-wife Clinton insiders are both shopping for separate immunity deals, sources said. “If they don’t cooperate they are going to see long sentences,” a federal law enforcement source said. The new emails contain travel documents and itineraries indicating Hillary Clinton, President Bill Clinton, Weiner and multiple members of Congress and other government officials accompanied convicted pedophile billionaire Jeffrey Epstein on his Boeing 727 on multiple occasions to his private island in the U.S Virgin Islands, sources said. Epstein’s island has also been dubbed Orgy Island or Sex Slave Island where Epstein allegedly pimps out underage girls and boys to international dignitaries. Both NYPD and FBI sources confirm based on the new emails they now believe Hillary Clinton traveled as Epstein’s guest on at least six occasions, probably more when all the evidence is combed, sources said. Bill Clinton, it has been confirmed in media reports spanning recent years, that he too traveled with Epstein over 20 times to the island. READ MORE (Apparently the link has been scrubbed from the internet already. Don’t know if that means it’s something they don’t want to get out?)"
"November 2, 2016 @ 6:50 pm 
It’s getting harder and harder to get this info from the media. November 2, 2016 @ 6:04 pm 
Trump will ask Justice Department to probe anti-Israel Intimidation on US College. He is the GREAT MAN. All Western World leaders are pigmies compare to him. Don Spilman November 2, 2016 @ 5:46 pm 
I hope that damnable evil muzslime gets life in prison. … and her perverted lover huma too!! cat November 2, 2016 @ 5:38 pm 
I hope that the down fall of killery by huma, comes true before the 8th of November. Vote Trump. Say no to killery Hillary and her association with the mus slum demon hood that is in bed with huma’s mus slum brother and her mus slum mother. Vote Trump."
"BNI Store Nov 2 2016 “We are losing control of the streets,” say police as Angela Merkel’s Germany descends into chaos and lawlessness GERMAN Chancellor Angela Merkel is facing catastrophe over her failed mass Muslim migration policy, according to a new report. Germany has been hit by a tidal wave of horrendous violent crime including rapes, sexual and physical assaults, stabbings, home invasions, robberies, burglaries and drug trafficking…not to mention Islamic terrorist attacks. UK Express Adding to the country’s woes is the fact that thousands of people have gone missing after travelling there on invitation from Anegla Merkel. Germany took in more than 1.1million migrants in the past year and parts of the country are crippled with a lack of infrastructure. Now the true reality is hitting home ahead of next year’s elections as the far right surges in the polls threatening to topple the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) leader Mrs Merkel. According to a report by the international policy council the Gatestone Institute, local police in many parts of the country admit that they are stretched to the limit. Despite the mayhem caused by skyrocketing violent crime and terror attacks by Muslim migrants, German officials insist on blaming the unrest on the rise of the “far right extremists” (aka German patriots). The report states: “The rape of a ten-year-old girl in Leipzig, the largest city in Saxony, has drawn renewed attention to the spiralling levels of violent crime perpetrated by migrants in cities and towns across Germany. “Thousands of migrants who entered the country as ‘asylum seekers’ or ‘refugees’ have gone missing. They are, presumably, economic migrants who entered Germany on false pretences. “Many are thought to be engaging in robbery and criminal violence.” According to Freddi Lohse of the German Police Union in Hamburg, many migrant offenders view the leniency of the German justice system as a green light to continue delinquent behaviour, says the report. He said: “They are used to tougher consequences in their home countries. “They have no respect for us.” After the “refugee” disaster that Angela Merkel has created, she is now unsettled about Europe returning to nationalism. Nationalism is a nightmare for all the liberal leaders working for a New World Order. “During the first six months of 2016, Muslim migrants committed 142,500 crimes , according to the Federal Criminal Police Office. This is equivalent to 780 crimes committed by migrants every day, an increase of nearly 40 per cent over 2015. The data includes only those crimes in which a suspect has been caught. Muslim migrants committed 208,344 crimes in 2015 , according to a confidential police report leaked to Bild. This figure represents an 80 per cent increase since 2014 and is equivalent to 570 crimes committed by migrants every day, or 23 crimes each hour, in 2015 alone. “Nearly 70 per cent of respondents said they fear for their lives and property in German train stations and subways, while 63 per cent feel unsafe at large public events.” The report added: “The growing sense of lawlessness is substantiated by an October 24 YouGov poll which found that 68 per cent of Germans believe that security in the country has deteriorated during the past several years. Germans are taking to the streets in the thousands in weekly protests against the Muslim invasion started by the Obama/Soros/Clinton Arab Spring and aided and abetted by Angela Merkel. Meanwhile a female police officer has admitted that officers are under attack and that the courts are a “joke.” In a new book, Tania Kambouri, a German police officer, said: “For weeks, months and years I have noticed that Muslims, mostly young men, do not have even a minimum level of respect for the police. “When we are out patrolling the streets, we are verbally abused by young Muslims. “There is the body language, and insults like ‘s*** cop’ when passing by. “If we make a traffic stop, the aggression increases ever further, this is overwhelmingly the case with migrants. “It cannot be that offenders continue to fill the police files, hurt us physically, insult us, whatever, and there are no consequences. “Many cases are closed or offenders are released on probation or whatever. “Yes, what is happening in the courts today is a joke.” The construction of a small mosque, the first in the German state of Thuringia, created controversy after the Alternative for Germany party labeled it a ‘land grab project’ and announced a massive anti-Islam rally."
"FLORIDA: Designated Terrorist Group CAIR demands ‘hate crime’ investigation of anti-Islam graffiti on mosque, blames Trump The entrance sign at the Al Amin Islamic Center in Boynton Beach was spray-painted with graffiti containing anti-Islamic and anti- Islamic terrorist messages. ABC News The Palm Beach Sheriff’s Office said deputies responded to a report of vandalism this morning, and that it occurred sometime after midnight and was captured on surveillance video. CAIR officials said the video shows a car pulling up to the mosque about 12:40 a.m. Someone got out of the car, approached the entrance sign and wrote “Fuck Islam” and “Fuck ISIS” with spray paint. “Our community continues to suffer from an increase in hate crimes and hate incidents. We still have fresh in our memories the recent hate crime committed at the Islamic Center of Fort Pierce that was attacked by an arsonist,” CAIR-Florida spokesman Wilfredo Amr Ruiz said in a statement. Muslim Brotherhood-linked Islamic group CAIR, has been designated a terrorist group by the United Arab Emirates. “The hate speech and rhetoric that has come along this presidential campaign is fueling these type of crimes that endanger not only the Muslim community but the Florida community in general.” (Nah, the Florida community is not the least bit endangered. Speak for yourself)"
"BNI Store Nov 2 2016 IN BRITAIN, Paki Muslim sex traffickers who rape and pimp out young white children go free but Christians who throw bacon at a mosque get thrown in jail Two British men have been jailed for going to a mosque and throwing bacon at a Muslim man in what the sharia-compliant British officials call a ‘callous hate crime.’ There you go, Londoners, keep on electing Muslim politicians and soon you’ll be stoned to death for insulting Islam. Metro Piotr Czak-Zukowski was found with an empty packet of bacon in his pocket when he was searched by police officers after the incident. He and Mateusz Pawlikowski had confronted worshippers at the Al-Rahman Mosque in Crowndale Road, Kings Cross, north London on October 2. BACON BANDITS Mateusz Pawlikowski and Piotr Czak-Zukowski Pawlikowski, 22, of Wilton Road, in Muswell Hill, north London, swore at a man and threw a rasher of bacon towards him, and chucked more bacon on the floor of the prayer room. The pair fled but Pawlikowski was detained near the mosque and Czak-Zukowski, 28, of 