Sneath Avenue, in Brent Cross, north London, was found at Camden Lock. Both men admitted criminal damage and a religiously aggravated public order offence last month. They were jailed for eight months at Blackfriars Crown Court. DC Tracey McMath, from the Camden Community Safety Unit, said: ‘The defendants showed a complete disregard for the faith and belief of others in this callous and highly offensive incident; and I hope their convictions highlight that we will not tolerate hate crime in any form."
"BNI Store Nov 2 2016 WHITE FLIGHT? Or is it white fright? British multiculturalism has created segregation in towns where the white population is fleeing as the Muslim population is exploding White and mainly Muslim minority groups are now more isolated from each other than ever before – while white populations in towns and cities have sunk to record lows – now less than 50% in the last decade alone, it has been revealed. UK Express In Newham, east London, just 16 per cent of the population are white compared to 33 per cent 10 years ago. And Blackburn has ranked as one of the most segregated town in Britain, where in the Whalley Range area 95 per cent of people are Muslim and a local butcher has admitted he has never served a white person in the whole of his time there. Mohammed Tabrez Noorji, who opened his halal butcher shop last year, said: “I do sometimes speak to the white people when they walk past but there is nothing for them to buy here. “It is not good that we all live separately but how can we fix this problem? Muslim families like to live in the same area as each other so we can support one another, but then the white people move out. “It’s not that we deliberately choose to live separately – it is just what happens. We want to live in this area because we are close to the mosques and all our families are very close to each other.” And experts warn matters will increase in the same direction. Academic Ted Cantle, a Government advisor on community adhesion, has warned the 2021 census will reveal polarisation has got even greater. The research, published by Open Democracy, calls on the Government to do more to promote mixed communities. The calls have been made particularly relevant in light of the spike in hate crime reported since the Brexit referendum on June 23. But not everyone wants ‘community adhesion’ to be encouraged. Retired taxi driver Ian Goodliffe, who previously worked at a ‘white only’ taxi firm, said: “There are certain areas where white people no longer go and the same for Muslims. They lead very separate lives. “There is an element of fear on both sides and then there is of course this awful racism. I hear it all the time. “It is sometimes a gang mentality and everyone wants to stick to their own. There are whole parts of Blackburn where a white person would not buy a house but then there is the same for the Muslims. “There is a mutual distrust and the only way to change that is for people to mix, but we are at a total impasse and it is only going to get worse.” Professor Cantle also said he met a Yorkshireman who said he was the first Muslim to move into a street and within three years all the white families had gone. He said: “ Some of those families made no bones about it – they are moving out because ‘they’ are moving in.” The study, conducted by integration experts Professor Cantle and Professor Eric Kaufman, has revealed that white and minority groups are now more isolated from each other than ever before – even though England as a whole is more ethnically mixed. Polarization mainly occurs in urban areas, with some places in the UK seeing a decrease in the white population of more than 50 per cent between 1991 and 2011. Towns and cities, such as Birmingham, Leicester, Slough, Luton, Bradford and London have seen the “striking” decrease occur more rapidly than other parts of the UK, it has been claimed. P rofessor Cantle said: “The focus of policy needs to shift, this is not just about minorities. “Politicians and policy-makers need to encourage white British residents to remain in diverse areas. “To choose, rather than avoid, diverse areas when they do re-locate, encouraging similar choices with respect to placing pupils in diverse schools. “In other words to create a positive choice for mixed areas and a shared society.” The study comes as the Government is about to deliver a major review into integration, segregation and extremism. Labour’s Chuka Umunna, chairman of the All Party Parliamentary Group on Social Integration, said: “During a year in which our country has seemed more divided than at any point in modern history, there are few questions which require investigation more urgently than the matter of how well we are living together. “Equally, however – at a time in which our political debate has become yet more polarized and media headlines yet more fraught – there are few questions which it can seem harder to get to the bottom of. “It’s clear that, whilst the UK is becoming increasingly diverse, levels of integration are not keeping pace.”"
"FBI Sources believe Clinton Foundation case is “likely moving toward an indictment” Fox News Channel’s Bret Baier reports the latest news about the Clinton Foundation investigation from two sources inside the FBI. He reveals five important new pieces of information: 1. The Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far and has been going on for more than a year. 2. The laptops of Clinton aides Cherryl Mills and Heather Samuelson have not been destroyed, and agents are currently combing through them. The investigation has interviewed several people twice, and plans to interview some for a third time. 3. Agents have found emails believed to have originated on Hillary Clinton’s secret server on Anthony Weiner’s laptop. They say the emails are not duplicates and could potentially be classified in nature. 4. Sources within the FBI have told him that an indictment is “likely” in the case of pay-for-play at the Clinton Foundation, “barring some obstruction in some way” from the Justice Department. 5. FBI sources say with 99% accuracy that Hillary Clinton’s server has been hacked by at least five foreign intelligence agencies, and that information had been taken from it."
"Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. PLEASE DONATE TO KEEP BARE NAKED ISLAM UP AND RUNNING. Choose DONATE for one-time donation or SUBSCRIBE for monthly donations Payment Options GET ALL NEW BNI POSTS/LINKS ON TWITTER Subscribe to Blog via Email 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address"
"Apparently, Donald Trump has already activated the ‘reset button’ with Russia And this is why Hillary Clinton never could. Russian President Vladimir Putin expressed his bewilderment at why European countries were taking in so many migrants given the increasing number of rapes sweeping the continent, asserting that a society which cannot protect its children “has no future”. Putin made reference to a story out of Austria where an Iraqi migrant was not punished for raping a 10-year-old boy at a swimming pool in Vienna after he claimed it was a “sexual emergency” and that he didn’t understand the boy didn’t want to be raped. “I can’t even explain the rationale – is it a sense of guilt before the illegal alien Muslim migrants? A society that cannot defend its children today has no tomorrow, it has no future,” warned Putin, adding that he would not look to Europe for advice on Russia’s immigration policy given the situation that is unfolding there. 
h/t Rob E"
"November 3, 2016 @ 3:07 am 
Allowing any GdM to enter or remain here is suicidal. Vetting Muslims is like vetting rattlesnakes. 
@DonSpilman That Jive ngr has not changed its spots. It blamed America first as it has always done. ‘Slime’s hatred is not a function of our foreign or domestic policy, it is a function of our not being GdM. Never lose sight of Wala wal Bara and Sidi’s explanation of the Barbary Pirates to Jeffersopn, Adams & Franklin. Always bear in mind Sahih Bukhari 4.53.386 and Hedaya 2.216. Liz November 3, 2016 @ 2:41 am 
He makes it sound like muslims were totally peaceful until the big, bad west agitated them and created all this blowback. To claim that is to ignore islam’s 1400 year history of war, genocide, oppression, domination, terror, and tyrannical expansionism. Western leftist/liberal politicians merely kindled the flames of jihad that were already there."
"BNI Store Nov 3 2016 NY elementary school calls off mock election because students were chanting “Trump” and “We don’t want Muslims here” Jericho Elementary School in Centereach, New York, announced it had scrapped the mock vote that was due to take place this Friday after some young students started chanting “Trump” and repeated ‘negative rhetoric about Muslims.’ ABC News (h/t Susan K) Principal Glen Rogers revealed the decision was made after teachers complained about what some children had been chanting around the school and in the cafeteria. Teachers have said they’ve heard some kids in the cafeteria chanting “Trump! Trump! Trump!” or saying they don’t want Muslims here,’ Roger said. ‘I mean, kids often repeat what they hear on the TV or the news, but it doesn’t mean it’s OK. (In other words, you don’t think the First Amendment is OK) “We have a diverse community here. We want all our students to feel valued.” (So we don’t become the target of an Islamic terrorist attack?) ‘It’s important for our students to be able to express their opinions, but it’s also important for them to be informed about it and not just repeating what they happen to hear,’ Rogers said. (Especially if it goes against the Democrat talking points. This IS New York, after all)"
"BNI Store Nov 3 2016 JUST AS YOU EXPECTED: Southern Poverty Law Center’s $300 million war chest likely being funded by Muslim terrorist states Southern ‘Poverty’ Law Center is anything but poor. Now