me, or some annual holiday or expensive motor car. Who does not like the better things in life? Well – these scheming thieves already have a network of bribed politicians, EU, law officials, high paid company executives etc – in their pockets. All from a share of the corrupt money they have stolen from Western Societies. And distributed a cut to money greedy people who are trusted in running our companies, States and Countries. With what I see going on with the likes of the EU – I am not surprised one bit with likely outcomes with the Clinton foundation. Oh – they come out with statements that they are fighting terrorism, yet they have been bribed to do as they are told – and actually let these undesirables help themselves to our money. And these undesirables funnel plenty of money to the very people our in power politicians pretend they are protecting us from. It is very much a catch 22 situation. They spend lots of money to fight ISIS, yet on the hand allow these people to help themselves to our purse – effectively supporting them. All due to our human nature of wanting more than our honest fair share. Our financial world is can of worms. Let’s hope a nasty world war is held off for as long as possible – as this is where we are heading – for whoever ends up in power. In the mean time – our people in power are turning our free Western societies into mini mayhems – and pretending they are doing good. All for MONEY."
"BELGIUM: Leftist bleeding heart activists whine about Muslims being targeted in counter-terrorism crackdown MOLENBEEK: Belgium’s hotbed of violent Islamic jihad where up to 80% of the population is Muslim and ISIS terrorists are considered heroes, Muslims being questioned by police complain of being “insulted and humiliated,” says Human Rights Watch, who accuse police of overly harsh treatment of terrorist suspects. Belgium, with a population of just 11million and about a half million Muslims – has produced more jihadi fighters per capita than any other country in Europe. Molenbeek-Saint-Jean – home to just 90,000 habitants – has become known across the world as Europe’s “jihadi conveyor belt”. Coordinated attacks in Paris at sites including a concert hall and sports stadium killed 130 people and injured hundreds, as well as coordinated attacks at the Brussels international airport and a metro station that killed 32 people and injured hundreds ALL were linked to Belgium, the country with the highest reported number of recruits to Islamic jihadist groups per capita in Western Europe. The one-finger salute of ISIS in Molenbeek In response the Belgian government has enacted a raft of new counterterrorism laws and regulations, and deployed more than 1,800 soldiers in major cities. The Belgian police have carried out several hundred raids, detentions and stops and searches, many in Molenbeek, the neighborhood of Brussels that was a home or way station to many of the Paris and Brussels attackers. These actions have helped the authorities convict 43 suspects and charge 72 others for terrorism-related crimes. But left wing ‘rights’ groups such as Human Rights Watch claim the terrorist suspects are the ones being persecuted."
"BNI Store Nov 4 2016 “MODERATE” INDONESIA: Protest against a Christian governor turns violent as more than 100,000 Muslims demand death for Christian governor who “blasphemed” Islam JARKARTA: The biggest street protest in years shook this sprawling capital today in a stark display of the more conservative, militant strain of Islam taking hold in the world’s largest Muslim country. ( Which Hillary Clinton has called a “shining example of a ‘moderate’ Islamic country” ) WSJ Police said an estimated 100,000 people turned out for a rally called by hard-line Muslim groups against the capital’s Christian governor, whom they accuse of having committed blasphemy. Blasphemy is a criminal offense in Indonesia and prosecutions have increased in the past decade. President Joko Widodo had met with other political leaders amid calls for calm, but critics say he has been too slow since taking office in 2014 to respond to worsening tension for fear of being labeled anti-Muslim. “Religiosity is rising, especially among the middle class,” said Yon Machmudi, an Islamic politics expert at the University of Indonesia. “A sense of identification is increasing.’’ Protesters were taking aim at Basuki Tjahaha Purnama, known as Ahok, who is the most prominent politician among the country’s often-persecuted, ethnic Chinese minority. He was elected deputy governor in 2012 and elevated to the top job in 2014 after his boss, Mr. Widodo, was elected president. Some hard-liners had tried to block his ascent then, saying Muslims shouldn’t be ruled by a “kafir,” or nonbeliever. Mr. Purnama, now running for re-election, angered the groups again by citing a verse of the Quran in a public address in late September. He has apologized and said he would cooperate with a police investigation, but has since been the target of protests. Vice President Jusuf Kalla met a group of protest leaders and said afterward that police would pursue a blasphemy case against Mr. Purnama. Nearly 90% of Indonesia’s 250 million people are Muslim and are becoming more radical every year as seen by head scarves for women, once rare, are now widely worn and Islamic schools are expanding. A movement to ban alcohol is gaining steam and sales have been banned from convenience stores. Travel to Mecca for the minor pilgrimage of umrah, once a relatively uncommon undertaking for middle-class Indonesians, is newly popular. Security experts say the rising conservatism paves the way for potential violence , pointing to some religious hard-liners who have rebranded themselves as cells of Islamic State. “What we’ve seen in the last 18 months to two years is increasing crossover from organizations that started out ‘nonviolent but hard-line’ to organizations which are now committed to using violence,” said Sidney Jones, director of the Jakarta-based Institute for Policy Analysis of Conflict. Gang of Indonesian Muslim men (below) beat to death members of Ahmadiyah sect, which Muslims reject as part of Islam because of it’s call for non-violence."
"Cardinal Vincent Nichols says: “Britons could learn a lot from the ‘vibrant’ faith of Muslim migrants” British people have much to learn from the “vibrancy of the Muslim faith” of new immigrants including refugees, the leader of the Roman Catholic Church in England and Wales has said. UK Telegraph Cardinal Vincent Nichols said immigrants had been enduring a worsening “atmosphere of fear” in the months since the EU referendum with the members of the public casually voicing hatred in a “self-indulgent” way. (Self-indulgent? I wonder what this French priest would have to say about that?) H e accused politicians of “trading in fear” and said media stories constantly portraying immigration in a negative light were proving “corrosive of our best nature”. In an interview with the BBC , he insisted that increasingly secular British society could learn much from the faith of new arrivals whether Muslims or followers of other religions. “Of course what we have to learn too is from the vibrancy of the Muslim faith that comes here. H e added: “I think the immigration crisis is real and it needs concerted effort to address it,” he said. “It needs to be addressed realistically with resources and proper legislation, but it’s almost impossible to do that in an atmosphere in which fear and hatred are the dominant features. “It does nobody any good, this somewhat self-indulgent way in which people have begun to express themselves and their distaste and their hatred of people who they see as different. “And that is creating a culture of fear among people who have been welcomed here.”"
"Lincoln Applegate Hahn November 4, 2016 @ 6:30 pm 
We’ve seen your “French Values”…. and they are the problem …. comme ci comme ca (like this and that) ? Etti November 4, 2016 @ 6:09 pm 
What a foolish man! He believes that accepting migrants and teaching them to learn French will see them in the French Parliament. Of course you will and they will be forcing sharia law on to the French population not making the country more civilised. Lisa November 4, 2016 @ 6:03 pm 
Because rightly or wrongly, people project their view of the world onto others.We live according to the golden rule and don’t do to others that which we do not want them to.do to us. Many cannot fathom or conceive just how vile the followers of the murderous paedophile can be. It’s incomprehensible. Even animals that have been traumatised and abused don’t behave like that when rescued. Europeans have mostly been peaceful for the last 70 years because they made a concerted effort to live in peace and to uphold dignity of life and human rights. That came at a price. Followers of the paedophile savage are socialised differently. They are pathetic and emotionally infantile. In the West we are taught to take personal responsibility for our actions. They are taught to blame everyone but themselves often turning victims into the guilty in the case of raped women. In the West violent displays of anger are frowned upon and we are taught to apologise for our wrong doIngs. Muslims have a warped and messed up sense of honour. An honour they will gladly kill their families to restore. In short they accept everything that is a crime in our countries as somehow permissible. Incompatible. In the West they are given human rights they don’t deserve and freedoms they can’t handle. Proven recipe for disaster. You have to be very very naive to believe that people who are fed a steady diet of intolerance, opression and hatred since birth will miraculously change just because they cross a border from hell hole to civilsed country. It should be obvious by now that Muslims born in europe cannot be integrated so what hope do we have integrating the rest. Nicolai sennels wrote a great paper on why islam is prone to creating monsters. Puts it all into perspective and is a must read in m