y opinion."
"MAINE GOVERNOR joins Kansas, Texas, and New Jersey in withdrawing from the federal (Muslim) refugee resettlement program Gov. Paul LePage is withdrawing the state of Maine from the federal refugee settlement program, citing a loss of confidence in its ability to safely and responsibly run the program. Maine has become one of the Obama Regime’s favorite dumping grounds for unskilled, illiterate, welfare-dependant large Somali Muslim families. Obama doesn’t need a religious test for refugees because most of them are Muslims WCSH6 (h/t kafir) In a letter Friday, Gov. LePage informed President Obama and notified the director of the Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR) that Maine would no longer be participating in the program. “The federal government has proven to be an unwilling partner with states in ensuring that refugee settlement does not unduly put American lives at risk,” LePage wrote. Maine joins Kansas, New Jersey and Texas in severing ties with the ORR. In the letter, LePage included the case of refugee Adnan Fazeli of Freeport, who was revealed in August through an FBI investigation to have died last year while fighting for the Islamic State. “I sincerely hope that the federal government will re-evaluate its current refugee policy — both the quantity and nation of origin of refugees it resettles and the vetting process they are subjected in — in order to best protect the safety and interests of the American people,” LePage wrote. The typical size of Somali Muslim refugee families places an unfair burden on hardworking American taxpayers who must fund welfare for them According to LePage’s office, the governor has directed the state Health and Human Services Department (DHHS) to work with federal counterparts to implement a transition out of the ORR program. The ORR was created after the passing of the 1980 Refugee Act, which provided the legal basis. By withdrawing from the federal program, LePage has removed state workers from the integration assistance process but has not stopped refugees from entering or living in Maine."
"Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. PLEASE DONATE TO KEEP BARE NAKED ISLAM UP AND RUNNING. Choose DONATE for one-time donation or SUBSCRIBE for monthly donations Payment Options GET ALL NEW BNI POSTS/LINKS ON TWITTER Subscribe to Blog via Email 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address CONTACT: barenakedislam@gmail.com Top Posts"
"TRUMP CAMPAIGN being sued for humiliating Skittles candy by comparing it to Syrian Muslim infiltrators It was a campaign ad that ignited a firestorm: Donald Trump Jr. tweeted a photo of a bowl of skittles and compared the colorful candy to Syrian jihadists posing as refugees. Now, the man who took the photo is suing Donald Trump, Donald Trump Jr., and vice-presidential nominee Mike Pence for copyright infringement. Liberals accused the tweet of being insenstive, racist, and a micro-agression which forced them to seek shelter in the nearest safe room. CBC David Kittos, an expert photographer and former Cypriot refugee, says he never gave permission and never would give permission for his photo to be used in the ad. “The image, the way it was used is reprehensible,” said Kittos from his home in Surrey, England, in an interview with CBC News. “It’s ignoring the plight of the refugees and it’s completely unacceptable that someone who was born into privilege would steal my picture and use it to make this political point.” Kittos says when he first saw the tweet, he was “in shock.” He explains he took the photo in 2010 as an experiment using artificial lighting and posted it on Flickr . “I just couldn’t believe my humble picture of some Skittles would just be used by someone so powerful.” Kittos says his lawyer reached out to the Trump campaign to discuss the matter but got no response. So he reported a copyright violation to Twitter, and about a week after it was posted his Skittles photo was removed from Trump Jr.’s tweet. Even though his photo is no longer connected to the ad, Kittos decided to file a lawsuit at a federal court in Illinois. He says he wants to ensure the Trump campaign never uses the work again. As well, he wants to spread the message that “they can’t go around stealing from authors like myself. They’re not above the law.” The Trump campaign told CBC News it’s not commenting on the case at this time. Back in September, Trump Jr. defended the tweet. “I am surprised by the reaction simply because it is a metaphor for risk,” he said at a campaign stop in Boise, Idaho. Trump’s election campaign has called for “extreme vetting” of immigrants to the U.S., especially Muslims, to help weed out anyone who could be a danger to American citizens. While Trump’s position is popular with some Americans, his eldest son’s tweet ignited outrage on social media. “Sorry kid. For all we know you could be a poisonous Skittle,” someone tweeted along with a well-known photo of an injured and bloodied young Syrian boy. “The stupidity ensues,” commented another person. Even the Skittles owner, Mars, Inc., weighed in. “Skittles are candy. Refugees are people,” tweeted Denise Young, vice-president of corporate affairs. Kittos is seeking yet to be determined damages as part of the lawsuit. But he says he’s not in it for the money (sure he isn’t) and would have settled a for a public apology. Because that didn’t happen, he says he’s pursuing the lawsuit because “it’s the right thing to do.”"
"BNI Store Nov 5 2016 Muslims regularly use “Inshallah” (“God Willing” in Arabic) and nobody calls it ‘Christophobic’ hate speech…so why is “Deus Vult” (“God Willing” in Latin) graffiti being called ‘Islamophobic’ Crusader hate speech? At the newly sharia-compliant University of Southern Maine, moronic school officials say “Deus Vult” Graffiti of Crusades’ rallying cry is being referred to the state Attorney General’s office after the Latin phrase used by Christians was written on a desk and wall in a student government office. Press Herald The phrase was used as a rallying cry for Christians during the Crusades in medieval times, and more recently has now is being called an anti-Muslim insult. In an email to the campus community, USM President Glenn Cummings condemned the “anti-Muslim graffiti” found in the office in the Woodbury Campus Center. “I want you to know that addressing this is our highest priority. Our campus security is fully investigating what we believe to be a hate crime,” Cummings wrote. “A team from our Dean of Students is working hard to uncover the facts while providing opportunities for intergroup dialogue and supporting students directly and indirectly affected by this reprehensible act. (It’s free speech, you idiot, and Muslims use the exact same phrase everyday, especially when trying to impose their death cult on non-muslims) British member of ISIS Mostly, to our Muslim students I want to express how sorry I am this has happened. Please know that such actions affect all of us. This is not who USM is or wants to be.” (USM is a school of politically correct asswipes who should be fired) According to USM’s student body president (a Muslim, of course) , Muhammad “Humza” Khan, a male student who is not part of student government drew the graffiti Tuesday afternoon, while two student Senate members were in the office. Khan, who declined to identify the student because of the investigation, said the two witnesses have said they didn’t understand the meaning of the phrase – which was written in small letters on an electrical wire cover on a wall, and on a wooden desk. USM officials also have not released the student’s name. In a Facebook post, USM student body Vice President Matt Raymond condemned the graffiti. “I just wanted to say that all this happened a day after five Muslim students asked for applications to Student Government to become Senators. I believe this act of “criminal intimidation” (Seriously? You should be taken away in a straitjacket) to be linked to that fact,” Raymond wrote, adding that student government is open to all students of any race, gender, religion, sexuality, economic background or nationality.” (It is, but you can’t blame students for hating Muslims, the biggest threat to America) Southwest Airlines knows what it means and acted accordingly Humza Khan, myself, and our Cabinet under the Executive branch condemn in the harshest terms this crime of bias and intimidation. Let’s show folks that USM is a diverse and inclusive university for all moving forward!” A group of about 40 students rallied in support of Muslim students at lunchtime Thursday. Raymond said he plans to ask the student Senate to vote out two members who he believes did not respond appropriately to the incident. Khan said he believes the person who wrote the graffiti intended to intimidate Muslim students who have expressed interest in joining the student Senate. “The way Muslims see (that Latin phrase,) we see it indirectly as ‘Let’s kill Muslims,’ ” said Khan, who is Muslim. (But Muslim students who keep saying Death to Israel/Death to America are said to be exercising their freedom of speech) “It’s not immediately seen as racist, it’s not a racial epithet, but it’s still there to intimidate a specific group of people,” Raymond said. “And it served its purpose, even though it was coded language.” (One can only hope. Muslims should be banned from holding office anywhere America. Look at the mess the Muslim in the White House has made)"
"Why did the Toronto Police Force hire a Saudi-born radical Islamic fundamentalist as a Muslim chaplain? MUSLEH KHAN: Born in Saudi Arabia, Khan now lectures in Toronto’s Muslim community on subjects like Islamic Law and marriage. On October 26th of this year, Khan was officially appointed Muslim Chaplain for The Toronto Police. Among Khan’s radical beliefs: • A woman should ask her husband permission before leaving the home… she should take care