 to seek permission from her husband before going out of the home that he has provided her . • The Muslim prophet Mohammed’s marriage to a nine-year-old is somehow instructive. Khan says puberty is the right time to get married (and, if that occurs when a girl is 9, so be it) — and, don’t forget, according to Khan, married women are forbidden from withholding sex from their husbands, even if they want to play with their Barbie dolls instead."
"ALL IN…IN THE HOOD…for Donald Trump! Donald Trump is on track to win more of the African-American vote than any other Republican in modern memory, said John Yob, CEO of a Michigan-based polling firm, Strategic National . And that’s why Barack Hussein Obama is running around campaigning so hard against him for Hillary. While that so-called “racist” Donald Trump along with Rosa Parks and Muhammad Ali, were receiving the Ellis Island Medal of Honor from the National Ethnic Coalition Organization… …Hillary Clinton was singing the praises of Democrat Senator Robert Byrd, former leader in the Ku Klux Klan before becoming a U.S. Senator. Breitbart On Friday, a poll of 506 Pennsylvania voters by Harper Polling showed Trump has the support of 18.46 percent of African-Americans. An Oct. 30 poll of 1,249 likely voters in Pennsylvania showed Trump has 19 percent support among African Americans, while another 7 percent remain undecided. That poll has a error margin of 2.77 percent. In next-door Michigan, two nights of a tracking poll conducted for Fox 2 of 1,150 likely voters showed Trump with 14 percent support and 19 percent support. That’s equivalent to a two-point shift from Clinton to Trump in the state. Trump is gaining in Michigan partly because many African-American voters — especially younger voters who backed Sen. Bernie Saunders — distrust Clinton, said W ayne Bradley, state director of African-American engagement for the Michigan Republican Party. That distrust has helped cause a sharp drop in the number of absentee ballots mailed in from Detroit, even as other part of the state send in more ballots that before, Bradley said. Faced with a low turnout, the Clinton campaign is trying to frighten African-Americans to vote, but “t hat’s not a convincing enough argument,” he said. Trump’s gain among African-American voters is happening in many states, alongside an overall reduction in African-American enthusiasm and support for Obama’s designated successor. That drop-off in support from Obama’s 93 percent level will likely reduce the turnout for Clinton. That’s a problem for Democrats, because a 7.5 percent drop in nationwide African-American turnout would be equal to a one-point drop in a nationwide vote for Clinton. Reports say the early-voting turnout by Africans Americans has dropped by up to 10 percent in North Carolina and by somewhat less in Florida . President Barack Obama and other top Democrats have hopscotched through the states to push that turnout back up by election day. But pollsters face problems when trying to gauge opinions in a high-stakes emotional competition. Some concerned people lie to pollsters. For example, roughly 7 percent of college grads hide their support for Trump when they’re ask by pollsters over the phone, perhaps out of fear of penalties if their choice was made public. So when polls show a non-answer from respondents, for example, many undecided voters, the votes may be hiding a weak or strong preference for Trump. These factor may be impacting polls of African-Americans, who are being hammered by claims from Clinton and Obama that Trump is supposedly a racist. “If you accept the support of Klan sympathizers — the Klan — and hesitate when asked about that support, then you’ll tolerate that support when you’re in office,” Obama told an African-American crowd in North Carolina on Nov. 3. (See above for Hillary’s support of the KKK) A national poll by TIPP showed Clinton at only 75 percent support among all non-whites, including Hispanics, African-Americans and Latinos. That poll showed Trump getting support from 15 percent of non-whites , leaving 5 percent undecided and 5 percent supporting other candidates. Amid the disagreement, rivalries and complexity, Bradley is confident that Trump will do well among African-Americans. His final tally as the GOP candidate “will be a higher number that it has been in the past… [because] he’s working, he’s coming to these cities to deliver the message.” The African-American vote may even be enough to help push Trump over the so-called “blue wall” of Democratic northern states that stands in his path to the White House. Some say Trump is likely to get 16-25% of Black vote."
"BNI Store Nov 5 2016 MINNESOTASTAN: Tagging the Muslim Student Association (MSA) sign with “ISIS” is NOT a hate crime but an accurate description of what the MSA stands for The discovery of ISIS graffiti on the MSA sign at the University of Minnesota campus has the local chapter of designated terrorist group CAIR (Council on American-Islamic Relations) calling for a hate crime investigation. CAIR-MN says that “Islamophobic” vandals spray-painted “ISIS” on the Muslim Student Association’s sign on campus. However, if you are familiar with the background of the MSA, it’s easy to understand why ISIS is an appropriate tag for them. MSA, like CAIR, is a North American affiliate of the terror-linked Muslim Brotherhood organization (original founders of al-Qaeda), whose headquarters, originally in Egypt (from which it has been banned by the al-Sisi government for its terrorist activities) now is in Qatar, a well-known state sponsor of terrorism, including the Islamic State (ISIS). FOX9 Naturally, the CAIR thugs think you are too ignorant to know this, so they perform their usual “Islamophobia” tap dance, demanding yet another time-wasting state and local hate crime investigation for some harmless graffiti which was likely painted by Muslim students themselves. “University administrators and state religious and political leaders must speak out forcefully against the rising anti-Muslim hate in our society that results in such disturbing incidents,” said a statement from CAIR-MN executive director Jaylani Hussein. “We urge campus police and other relevant law enforcement agencies to investigate this incident as a hate crime.” Hussein cited the “Islamophobic rhetoric in the presidential election campaign,” particularly from Donald Trump, as a possible contributing factor to these types of incidents. (No, it’s the abhorrent behavior of Muslims themselves that cause so many people around the world to hate Muslims)"
"BNI Store Nov 6 2016 That was then… Sadly, this is now: Quebec seems to have done a 180 and is considering allowing Muslim women to wear the most offensive, most oppressive, and most potentially dangerous (terrorists often dress in burqas to hide bombs) kind of clothing of all – big black garbage bags that cover everything but the eyes. Is Canada trying to become Sweden? All these leftist idiots preaching diversity should go around the world and see what a lack of white people has done for the 3rd world. This is nothing more than white genocide, perpetrated by those in power, who want a population they can easily control and enslave…like Islam."
"Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. PLEASE DONATE TO KEEP BARE NAKED ISLAM UP AND RUNNING. Choose DONATE for one-time donation or SUBSCRIBE for monthly donations Payment Options GET ALL NEW BNI POSTS/LINKS ON TWITTER Subscribe to Blog via Email 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address CONTACT: barenakedislam@gmail.com Top Posts"
"BNI Store Nov 6 2016 GERMANY: Bigger than the Berlin Wall, the 12-foot-high ‘Munich Wall’ is being constructed to protect local residents from illegal alien Muslim invaders Locals campaigned for the wall, in the suburb of Neuperlach Süd, after authorities decided that some 160 young (up to age 40) unaccompanied Muslim illegals will move into a large shelter which is less than 100 metres from a residential estate. UK Daily Mail Critics say the wall is further proof of the alienation voters feel with Chancellor Angela Merkel’s refugee policy. Deputy District Chairman Guido Bucholtz, said: ‘I was frightened when I saw this monster of a wall.’ (Not as frightened as Germans are of the Muslim invaders) He added that he thinks the wall is too high as another similar structure designed to fence off a migrant camp was just three metres high. He said: ‘This whole propaganda really sucks.’ (Yeah, I guess you don’t like it when people find out you’ve been lying to them) However residents from the neighbouring housing development from the asylum centre went to court to get the wall built. One of their arguments for the wall was the fear that the value of their homes would plummet if there was nothing to separate them from the refugees who could be there for years to come. Local residents said they are fearful of the ‘noise and behaviour’ of the Muslim thugs. The judge of the Administrative Court in Munich confirmed the wall in a judgment – noted that the migrants should not use if for ‘ball throwing games’ or other ‘leisure use’. The fact that it is higher than the Berlin Wall of the Cold War is not lost on locals and officials. But engineers said it had to be that high to provide an effective sound insulation. The wall is nearly finished. Locals say they do not care about how it looks; only that it will separate them from the unaccompanied Muslim freeloaders, rapists and jihadists who have often been at the centre of friction with locals in other German towns."
"Anita November 6, 2016 @ 2:09 pm 
Who cares what Maher has to say! Liberals are all as odd as a three headed snake! BLR November 6, 2016 @ 2:08 pm 
Trump gets in it will be a win win situation for libs and leftys they will get to cry and bitch in a great country for a change Ronald Dumont November 6, 2016 @ 1:52 pm 
It seems Bill has done some research, This US election almost mirrors events of 1