933 Germany! The only major difference is there are only tow political parties vying for control! This is not a true Right wing coup d’état, it is a industrialist transnational corporations taking power under the guise of protecting and defending us from what they have created in the first place to control us!"
"Nina November 6, 2016 @ 2:39 pm 
Polish government and common people (except liberal and leftist opposition which lost everything in last year election) pray for Trump to be the president of USA. Dubi November 6, 2016 @ 2:25 pm 
With bitches like this hillary fan America is lost if she wins. She is lucky I wasn’t that cop who has the patience of Job, because I don’t! GO TRUMP! ! ! 
WATCH: Video of Obnoxious Trump-Hater Getting Justice Explodes…6 MILLION Views This obnoxious Donald J. Trump hater has gone viral in a major way, and it’s not good. Here’s what happened to this anti-Trumper on video that has netted her six million views… This is AWESOME! Read more…"
"November 6, 2016 @ 12:34 pm 
The same in the EU. YOu now there are EU Elections.And everybody who have 2 Passports from EU can vote-but only 1 time is allowed. 
But in TV the Leftwing Journalist DI LORENZO from the Socialdemocratic Newspaper DIE ZEIT-sayed that he voted 2 times.And what happened?The charge was stopped. 
And this leftwing guy who always behave like he knews all sayed:In didnt know that it is forbidden to vote 2 times…"
"BNI Store Nov 6 2016 Like a good little sharia-compliant female, Prince Charles’ wife Camilla removes her shoes to enter a mosque in Abu Dhabi, but the Prince of Wales keeps his shoes on The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall have visited the spectacular Sheikh Zaved Grand Mosque to promote religious tolerance. ( HAH! ) UK Daily Mail Charles was dressed in a linen suit and striped tie, while Camilla wore a blue headscarf, long jacket and trousers. Visitors to the mosque must remove their footwear, BUT Charles walked round in black shoes while his wife went barefoot with her head covered. The mosque was established in 2008 and sits at the entrance to Abu Dhabi City Island. It aims to work with research centres and religious, educational and cultural institutions within the United Arab Emirates and across the world."
"GERMANY: “We are Somali Muslims, we don’t have to pay” In Wabern, Hesse, a group of five Somali Muslim freeloaders sat down and had drinks at the “Piano” pub. The group was there for the first time and Albayrak [the owner] didn’t know them. They drank “eight beers, two vodkas” and put everything on a tab. When Albayrak want to collect payment, there was anger. “We are Somalis, we don’t pay.” Source Two of the savages stood up and went out. Albayrak banned the other three from the establishment and threw them out. “They were very aggressive, they were upset,” says Albayrak. The pub owner then shut the door. Suddenly, the owner heard a noise from outside. There was a “boom, boom” sound. Albayrak looked out and saw two of the Somali Muslim thugs with iron rods beating on the pub door, shattering the glass. “I was afraid they were going to kill me,” says the 58-year-old. He called the police but they didn’t arrive for a half hour, and by then, the savages were already gone."
"GERMAN INTERIOR MINISTER demands that Italy send all new illegal alien Muslim invaders back to Africa Germany’s Minister of the Interior has launched a controversial proposal to return African Muslim male invaders home rather than bringing them to Italy, in order to discourage more economic freeloaders from attempting the dangerous crossing. Even worse, Italy has been rescuing them near Libya, not even waiting until they get within spitting distance of Italy. So, where are all the women and children? @moas_eu the taxi service just outside of Libya is part of the pull factor 
— The Champ (@audioexpression) November 5, 2016 Breitbart Minister Thomas de Maizière said Sunday that those “saved in the Mediterranean should be sent back to Africa” instead of taking them to Europe. According to a spokeswoman for the minister, this measure would serve a twofold purpose: discouraging new migrants from coming while also demolishing the organizations of human traffickers that organize the crossings. Germany’s interior minister Thomas de Maiziere threatened to close Italy’s border with Austria if Rome starts sending migrants north. With the migrant route through the Balkans from Greece closed, migrants are instead crossing the Mediterranean from North African countries such as Libya and arriving in Italy. De Maizière is not alone in his approach. “The prevention of illegal migration does not start at our internal borders,” said Helmut Teichmann, director of the Germany’s Federal Police. “The aim of the federal government is to stop the refugees before they reach Europe,” he said. On Saturday, 2,200 more people tried to cross the Strait of Sicily in 16 different vessels, and were rescued in a series of operations coordinated by the Italian Coast Guard who later brought them to Italy. Rescuers also recovered ten bodies of migrants who drowned during the attempt. Critics were quick to remark that part of the incentive for attempting the crossing in the first place is the knowledge that migrant rescuers are providing a free “taxi service” to Italy. Protesters have raised their voices in opposition to De Maizière’s plan, claiming it was a “scandal” that would effectively deny potential refugees the right of asylum, but the Minister did not back down. “Eliminating the prospect of reaching Europe could keep them from risking their lives in a dangerous journey.” In point of fact, this year has seen the deaths of a record number of migrants during the perilous trip. On Thursday, some 240 migrants drowned in two shipwrecks off the coast of Libya, bringing the year’s death toll in the Mediterranean to 4,220, compared with 3,777 in the whole of 2015. The Minister suggested that once the migrants were returned to Tunisia, Egypt or other North African countries, they could submit their asylum applications which, if approved, would allow them to reach Europe safely. 
As of 2 November, 159,496 people had reached Italy by sea so far in 2016, according to the International Organization of Migrants (IOM)."
"Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. PLEASE DONATE TO KEEP BARE NAKED ISLAM UP AND RUNNING. Choose DONATE for one-time donation or SUBSCRIBE for monthly donations Payment Options GET ALL NEW BNI POSTS/LINKS ON TWITTER Subscribe to Blog via Email 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address CONTACT: barenakedislam@gmail.com Top Posts"
"AUSTRIA: Freedom Party leader calls Chancellor Angela Merkel the “most dangerous woman in Europe” Heinz-Christian Strache (right), chairman of the anti-Islamization Freedom Party roasted the German Chancellor for allowing an unlimited amount of Muslim illegal aliens which he claims has left Europe on the verge of civil war. Talking to supporters, Strache argued “the uncontrolled influx of migrants alien to our culture who seep into our social welfare system… makes civil war in the medium-term not unlikely.” Austrian Freedom Party (FPOe) party leader Heinz-Christian Strache (L) and Freedom Party’s presidential candidate Norbert Hofer UK Express (h/t Terry D) Strache added that his party’s presidential candidate, Norbert Hofer, “will be there for all Austrians” in a rallying speech to drum up support ahead of the general election. Hofer has attempted to keep a neutral tone in a bid to broaden the typical appeal of the Freedom Party from an anti-immigration stance to the wider Austrian population ahead of a re-run of the earlier election. Yet the 45-year-old’s recent election posters carry the phrase “so help me God” – a term which has been slammed by both Islamic and Christian officials who say introducing God into the campaign is not appropriate. “Vienna must not become Istanbul” He says what Vienna thinks Three branches of the Protestant church in Austria released a joint statement denouncing the slogan. It reads: “God cannot be instrumentalised for one’s own intentions or for political purposes. “We consider that mentioning God… to attack other religions and cultures indirectly amounts to an abuse of his name and religion in general.” The Freedom Party claim Hofer used the rallying phrase as it came “directly from the heart” and “is strongly anchored in Christian and Western values” which the party holds. Two-thirds of Austrians identify as Catholic while just four per cent are Protestant. The Freedom Party narrowly lost the election by just 31,000 votes to Alexander Van der Bellen’s left-leaning Green party, but the result was ruled void after voting irregularities were discovered. The initial re-run of the election was due to take place in October but has been pushed back to December after defects were found in the postal vote envelopes."
"BNI Store Nov 6 2016 UK: Muslim family who converted to Christianity forced to flee Manningham home as violence and threats by Muslims against them continue to escalate A British Christian convert who said he suffered “seven years of persecution” from Muslims has been forced to flee his home under armed guard amid fears for his safety. Nissar Hussain was with his family when police arrived and moved him to a safe place. The Telegraph and Argus Mr Hussain said the culmination of the “extreme persecution” had devastated his family and the dramatic arrival of armed police was a complete surprise. “My family are distraught and extremely traumatised to be leaving,” said Mr Hussain. “But when your life is at stake there is no other choice.” Mr Hussain converted to Christianity 20 years ago, but says in recent years he has been subjected to harassment and violence by sections of the Islamic community. “This extreme persecution by certain people in the Muslim community because we are converts has broken us as a family,” he said. From left to right, Lee