na, Anniesa, Nissar, Sarah, Kubra, Issar, and Miriam Hussain, a Christian family who have been threatened with death for converting from Islam in West Yorkshire, England. “We are fragmented and I do not know how we will recover from this. We haven’t functioned properly for years.” He said “serious questions” needed to be answered. Last year, Mr Hussain was hospitalized after his kneecap was smashed and his hand broken during an attack outside his home in St Paul’s Road, Manningham . Two hooded men, one armed with a pick-axe handle, assaulted him in a vicious attack caught on CCTV. (See video below) At the time, Mr Hussain said he and his family were being driven out of the city and he was making plans to leave. This week he had started packing up his belongings when the police arrived on Thursday. The 50-year-old, who was a nurse before leaving work due to post-traumatic stress disorder, said his six children, aged eight to 24, and wife would never see their friends again. Nissar Hussain, 49, was hospitalised on 17 November 2015 with a smashed kneecap and broken arm after a violent attack which was captured on CCTV. He said he was attacked because he converted from Islam to Christianity and that his troubles started after he appeared on a Channel 4 documentary on how Islam converts are treated. He had been expecting an attack for some months, but when the police arrived he was “none the wiser” that he was at such serious risk. “The armed police arrived at about 3pm on Thursday,” he said. “I had been loading a van up with our belongings for eight hours, having to stealthily check no-one could see what I was doing, before they arrived. Hussein stands in front of his car that was vandalized by Muslims “It took me completely by surprise, but their [the police] professionalism was deeply reassuring, and they escorted my family and I to a safe haven outside Yorkshire.” Last night, a West Yorkshire Police spokesman said “Our priority has always been to work effectively with our partners to minimise the risk to Mr Hussain and ensure that we maximise opportunities to put control measures in place to safeguard him, his family and consider any wider impact upon the communities across West Yorkshire,” he added. Neighbors demand justice for the persecuted Hussein family “We are disappointed that Mr Hussain and his family have decided to leave Bradford, particularly as police and partners have been working together for some time to try and resolve the situation to the benefit of all parties concerned. “All the incidents reported by Mr Hussain have been recorded in line with National guidance and we continue to proactively pursue lines of enquiry to identify the perpetrators and are committed to ensuring that a thorough and effective investigation is undertaken to mitigate the threat posed in the first instance and where possible bring the perpetrators to justice."
"BNI Store Nov 7 2016 HERE THEY GO AGAIN! Muslims trying to claim that the Hebrew-language Dead Sea Scrolls are Arab Muslim in origin So, let me get this straight. The Dead Sea Scrolls are demonstrably written in Hebrew. But the Palestinians are now saying these ancient documents are, like Jerusalem’s Temple Mount , the holiest site in Judaism, Arab Muslim in origin.That is how ridiculous the campaign to delegitimize Israel has become. Israel Today Carmel Shama-Hacohen – Israel’s ambassador to the United Nations Education, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) – said the Palestinians raised the matter informally during a recent meeting of the Intergovernmental Committee for Promoting the Return of Cultural Property to its Countries of Origin. JERUSALEM POST The dead Sea Scrolls are about 900 documents and Biblical texts, discovered in one of the greatest archaeological finds of the 20th century in the 1940’s and 50’s in caves in and around Qumran on the northwest shore of the Dead Sea. The texts include some of the only known surviving copies of Biblical documents made before 100 B.C.E., and preserve evidence of Jewish life during the Second Temple period. According to the ambassador and to representatives of the Israel Antiquities Authority who were present at the meeting, the Palestinians intend to make a formal claim to the Dead Sea Scrolls when the committee next convenes in 2017. “This is another provocative and audacious attempt by the Palestinians to rewrite history and to erase our connection to our land,” Shama-Hacohen told The Jerusalem Post . “The Dead Sea Scrolls are factual and weighty archeological evidence of the presence of the Jewish people in the Land of Israel.” “[The accusation is] part of an ongoing effort to deny the continuous Jewish presence in Israel. The Dead Sea Scrolls provide incontrovertible proof of the historical facts that underpin the legitimacy of Israel as a Jewish state,” David Koschitzky, chairman of the UJA Federation in Toronto. “As such, they pose a threat to the ongoing attempts to obscure the unique relationship of the Jewish people with the land of Israel."
"Bk November 7, 2016 @ 5:00 am 
I have time thinking move city. Live in northern Spain and in recent years have been tens of thousands of Moroccans. Rape of young girls is now commonplace. The schools are filled with Muslim children, many veiled women, mosques everywhere and Maghrebi youths committing crimes. I want to go to a small traditional village where not see anything Islamic. jo503 November 7, 2016 @ 4:04 am 
Poor girl… Having a trouble in her country and fleeing it for having a better life… And then we ask ourselves why Europe is falling down… People are scared being called racist so they shut up or leave… Poor little girl…"
"Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. PLEASE DONATE TO KEEP BARE NAKED ISLAM UP AND RUNNING. Choose DONATE for one-time donation or SUBSCRIBE for monthly donations Payment Options GET ALL NEW BNI POSTS/LINKS ON TWITTER Subscribe to Blog via Email 
Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address CONTACT: barenakedislam@gmail.com Top Posts"
"BNI Store Nov 7 2016 BIGGEST MUSLIM LIE OF THE DAY: “White supremacists are openly threatening Election Day violence…so the FBI is hassling Muslims” Is it the inbreeding? Or just that they think they can promote any fantastical lie or obfuscation and the Kardashian-worshipping American public won’t notice. It’s been reported for days that The Islamic State/al-Qaeda is calling for the “slaughter of U.S. voters” on Election Day. But that didn’t stop officials from designated terrorist group CAIR from inventing a fake potential threat against Muslims…to deflect the fact that the FBI is questioning potential terror-linked suspects in the Muslim community. USA Today Ritz Katz, director of the SITE Intelligence Group, said Saturday on Twitter that the threats appear in an essay carried by the Islamic State’s Al Hayat media center that declares militants “have come to slaughter you and smash your ballot boxes.” 3) #ISIS urges Muslims to refuse participate in #Elections2016 & to announce that they “have come to slaughter you & smash your ballot boxes” 
— Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) November 5, 2016 “May Allah make this year’s U.S. presidential election a dreadful calamity like no other to have struck America throughout its pathetic history,” the seven-page manifesto, entitled “The Murtadd Vote ,” read. Murtadd is an apostate who turns his back on Islam. The essay, which uses lengthy religious arguments in an effort to justify such attacks, also declares there is no difference between the Republican and Democratic parties in their “policies against Islam and Muslims” In an article from the perpetually Muslim-sympathizing Fusion website: As if Muslim Americans haven’t had it hard enough during this presidential campaign—what with Donald Trump’s steady drumbeat of Islamophobic racism–now comes reports that federal agents are paying surprise visits to Muslims across the United States ahead of the November 8 election. According to officials from the Council on American Islamic Relations, representatives from the FBI have questioned Muslims living in at least eight states leading up to November 8, reportedly searching for information pertaining to a possible Election Day al Qaeda threat . Over the weekend, the designated terrorist group CAIR (Council on American Islamic Relations) received reports from Muslim-Americans in eight states, who said they were approached by FBI agents who wanted to speak to them about the alleged threat. Those states included California, Washington State, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Kansas Oklahoma, Florida and Texas. Hassan Shibly, executive director of CAIR’s Florida offices, called the reported questioning “completely outrageous,” and “borderline unconstitutional,” telling the Washington Post : “That’s the equivalent of the FBI visiting churchgoing Christians because someone overseas was threatening to blow up an abortion clinic. It’s that preposterous and outrageous.” The people who were interviewed this weekend were asked if they knew anyone who might want to harm Americans at home or abroad. Shibly said all of those interviewed appeared to be of Afghani or Pakistani descent. Shibly says such sweeps are dangerous to Muslim-American relations.’Unfortunately we’re dealing with an environment that’s not very friendly to American Muslims,’ he said. ‘The environment is very hostile to the American Muslim community.’ On Twitter, CAIR’s Dallas-Fort Worth director Alia Salem posted a short video updating her followers about the FBI visits, and offering a series of resources for anyone approached by law enforcement. “It was made apparent to us that the FBI has a list of a couple hundred people they are wanting to visit,” Salem told the Dallas Morning News . “And ask a series of eight generic questions intended to drum up information about the attacks.” The FBI’s sudden scrutiny of Muslim Americans comes as the United States is experiencing a surge in white 