nationalism and militia groups , fueled in no small part by Donald Trump’s KKK-backed candidacy . Militant Trump supporters have, in fact, explicitly stoked fears of violence come Election Day. (But it’s Muslims who actually carry out terrorist attacks on Americans) “Prior to this campaign season, these ideas were relegated to sort of the political fringe of the American political landscape,” Ryan Lenz, a researcher at the anti-American, Muslim-funded Southern Poverty Law Center told Reuters . “Now these ideas are legitimized.” Perhaps while the FBI is questioning Muslim Americans over vague international threats, they should check in with some of the no-longer-fringe radicals on America’s far right wing, too."
"(Before It's News)
CCTV at Woodbank Valley Urban Farm, Birmingham.
The capacity of urban farms to tackle major issues such as poverty and reducing food miles should not be underestimated, and with more ambitious projects starting up every day, it might not be long until you see one appearing in your neighbourhood.
By Michael Hardman
Lecturer in Geography, University of Salford
The Conversation
Oct 26, 2016
Excerpt:
Despite these barriers, our 2016 study into the state of urban farming showed that huge positives can come out of these spaces. For example, urban farms often act as a social incubator, bringing together communities and connecting cultures. Many also impact significantly on health and well-being, allowing city-dwellers to access fresh food and sometimes even supplement diets.
We found that those connected to The Federation of City Farms and Community Gardens were strongest. They gained value from the networking with other such sites across the UK.
A few in this extensive network have existed for over 30 years, and are still going due to the excellent support from both locals and the wider network. Ultimately, the idea of urban farming is not to replace traditional rural farms, but rather to complement and add value.
To push forward with urban farming, there’s a need to build on what works – in particular, to learn from urban farms in the US, which are expanding and are on a different scale entirely to anywhere else.
Read the complete article here."
"(Before It's News)
“Faced with the choice between changing one’s mind and proving that there is no need to do so, almost everybody gets busy on the proof.” -J. K. Galbraith
Last month, tensions between dark matter simulations and galactic rotation observations reached a new high. Despite all the successes of dark matter on the largest scales — for the CMB, for large-scale structure, for gravitational lensing and for galaxy clusters, among others — the simplest dark matter simulations reproduced unrealistic results for how individual galaxies ought to rotate. Moreover, a team of scientists uncovered a surprising relationship: between the normal (baryonic) matter alone and the observed acceleration in galaxies.
The correlation between gravitational acceleration (y-axis) and the normal, baryonic matter (x-axis) visible in an assembly of 153 galaxies. The blue points show each individual galaxy, while the red show binned data. Image credit: The Radial Acceleration Relation in Rotationally Supported Galaxies, Stacy McGaugh, Federico Lelli and Jim Schombert, 2016. From https://arxiv.org/pdf/1609.05917v1.pdf.
If dark matter were real, then the simulations needed to reproduce that result as well, which appeared to be a tremendous challenge. Yet in a new paper, two scientists from McMaster University, Ben Keller and James Wadsley, did exactly this. Even more impressively, they didn’t make new simulations, they simply took pre-existing ones and showed that this relation does, in fact, get reproduced among all their galaxies.
While the web of dark matter (purple) might seem to determine cosmic structure formation on its own, the feedback from normal matter (red) can severely impact galactic scales. Image credit: Illustris Collaboration / Illustris Simulation.
If the modified gravity camp through down the gauntlet, the dark matter camp just revealed they had brought a bazooka to a gunfight. Go get the full story!"
"(Before It's News)
openminds.tv
This UFO spotted over Whitby coastline left photographer ‘freaked out’ – Gazette Live Reports of strange lights in East Valley – 3TV Phoenix The Untold Story of How John Podesta Answered My Question About UFOs – Mother Jones A night of UFO hunting reveals nothing unexplained, but plenty to ‘oooh’ and ‘aaah’ about – WCPO A new theory about life in our solar system – Blasting News"
"(Before It's News)
Microsoft revealed a new all-in-one PC at its Imagine What You’ll Do event in New York City. The Microsoft Surface Studio is a desktop designed to rival Apple’s iMac. Built for creators and professionals alike, it features a 28-inch, 12.5mm thin touchscreen that’s capable of projecting a greater than 4K display. The Microsoft Surface Studio will run on Windows 10, […]
The post Microsoft Surface Studio Introduced, Looks to Challenge the Apple iMac appeared first on Pinoy Tech Blog – Latest Tech News and Gadget Reviews Philippines ."
"(Before It's News)
God spells out the choice we need to make in Duet 30.
by Jacqueline Hawkins
At UNC Greensboro, a young woman told Deeper Still and GAP volunteer Debbie Picarello that she was a Christian who believed God gave her a “choice.” In her mind, God was fine with whatever she wanted to do with her own body, even if it meant destroying her baby’s body.
She was failing the “choice” test, the test of life and death.
Debbie pulled out the ultimate life “cheat sheet,” the Bible. This is pretty good: In the most important test we will ever take, the test of life and death, God gave us the answers! Debbie showed her the answers she needed to know:
“For you created my inmost being; you knit me together in my mother’s womb. I praise you because I am fearfully and wonderfully made; your works are wonderful.” (Psalm 139:13,14)
In other words, God made us. He put us together Himself.
“For you are bought with a great price. Glorify and bear God in your body.” (1 Cor 6:20.)
Our bodies are not our own; they belong to God. This is especially true for Christians purchased by the Blood of the Lamb.
“Consider that I have set before thee this day life and good, and on the other hand death and evil … I call heaven and earth to witness this day, that I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing. Choose therefore life, that both thou and thy seed may live.” (Duet 30:15;19)
The choice should be clear.
This was not what the young woman wanted to hear. She told Debbie she felt judged. Debbie assured her that she was not judging her, but was giving her the Word of the very God she claimed to worship. Her belief, that she could do whatever she wanted with her own body and the body of her child, was wrong. Her assertions directly contradicted the Bible.
It was indeed her choice to follow the Bible or not. But it was clear how God saw our choices. There are right choices and wrong choices. As followers of Christ, our choices are intended to be conformed to His likeness so that the whole world can know him. Pro-abortion Christians aren’t just dangerous for themselves and their children; they are dangerous for everyone on the planet.
God gives us the answers to the test, so that we can correct our course and pass with flying colors.
Understanding what Debbie was saying, the young woman shook Debbie’s hand and thanked her for speaking with her.
This is so important. Our most important outreach is not to the pagan world; we are taking truth to confused Christians led astray by complacent church leaders who work harder than Planned Parenthood to cover up the truth. Over and over again, your support is the difference between life and death. When you support CBR , you choose life.
Jackie Hawkins is a CBR Project Director and regular FAB contributor."
"(Before It's News)
By Michael Synder Is the 2016 election in the process of being stolen? Just a few weeks ago I issued a major alert warning that this exact sort of thing might happen. Early voting has already begun in many states, and a number of voters in Texas are reporting that the voting machines switched their votes from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton. The odd thing is that none of the other choices were affected when these individuals attempted to vote for a straight Republican ticket. If Hillary Clinton is declared the winner of the state of Texas on election night, a full investigation of these voting machines should be conducted, because there is no way that Donald Trump should lose that state. I have said that it will be the greatest miracle in U.S. political history if Donald Trump wins this election, but without the state of Texas Donald Trump has exactly zero chance of winning. So those living down in Texas need to keep reporting anything unusual that they see or hear when they go to vote.
Most Americans don’t realize this, but the exact same thing was happening during the last presidential election. The state of Ohio was considered to be the key to Mitt Romney’s chances of winning in 2012, and right up to election day the Romney campaign actually believed that they were going to win the state.
Unfortunately for Romney, something funny was going on with the voting machines. In a previous article , I included a Quote: from an Ohio voter that had her vote switched from Mitt Romney to Barack Obama three times …
“I don’t know if it happened to anybody else or not, but this is the first time in all the years that we voted that this has ever happened to me,” said Marion, Ohio, voter Joan Stevens.
Stevens said that when she voted, it took her three tries before the machine accepted her choice to vote for Romney .
“I went to vote and I got right in the middle of Romney’s name,” Stevens told Fox News, saying that she was certain to put her finger directly on her choice for the White House.
She said that the first time she pushed “Romney,” the machine marked “Obama.”
So she pushed Romney again. Obama came up again. Then it happened a third time.
“Maybe yo