rtunately, it looks like I will have to pursue the law suit to hopefully, get some money to live on until I can get employment,” Flowers ended the note. “Please be in touch.”
In 1998, the Washington Post again reported on the matter:
Flowers said her affair with Clinton had been over for at least a year but that about the time of the Nichols suit, she was looking for a job and turned to the governor.
Clinton agreed to help find her a position at an Arkansas state agency, Flowers said, and enlisted a political appointee named Don Barnes. Efforts to contact Barnes last night were unsuccessful.
“I don’t know Vernon Jordan, and I don’t know whether he is or is not telling the truth,” Flowers said. “But it reminds me of [1990] in regard to a position that Vernon Jordan supposedly arranged for Monica Lewinsky.”
Flowers was hired by the Arkansas Appeal Tribunal, a state agency, after an interview Barnes arranged and sat in on, according to Flowers’ 1995 written account of her relationship with Clinton.
http://www.scoopnest.com/user/TPoliticmanager/791321070535966720
Trump threatened Hillary with bringing on Gennifer Flowers last month to the debate.
Mike Pence Gennifer Flowers Wont Be at Debate Trump Was Just Mocking Clinton Camp
All Stories By King of Shambhala Click Here!"
"Brother Hodges,
There is no need to have other people discredit you. You do great in accomplishing this all by yourself. I think that what lends credence to this, is that you have NEVER been right regarding ANYTHING. EVER.
Sincerely, Your #! Fan"
"Keep driving your cab down there in Vegas “SNITCH-51″ with your big gambling addiction and keep your half ass Liberal “opinions” to yourself you limp wristed Candy Ass FOOL !!!"
"Then, why don’t YOU point out where he was ever right about something? I mean Anything. LOL, I agree with everyone else here. I actually think that you are KOS. You’re gay enough."
"The fact that you are ALWAYS on here dogging him with your Liberal bullshit makes it obvious that You’re a shill and a troll !!! He has a lot of valid points in his reporting and most of us that read his articles recognize that ! You and a few other people that I’ve called out on here have become obvious to most of the rest of us on here for just what you really ARE !!! If you don’t LIKE thi s type of reporting then why don’t you just get on a LIBERAL website where you can “Express” your liberal opinions along with all of your other Liberal troll buddies ?!!! Your just a closet queer that drives a cab for a living !!! If you REALLY had those two “Advanced” degrees that you like to BRAG about on here and if you were a REAL “Professional Sports Bettor” you wouldn’t be driving a cab , hanging out in casinos and spending so much time on HERE !!! You’re just a Real Looser that’s never done anything or gone anyplace in life Snitch and that’s ALL you are !!!"
"You spouted off a bunch of rancid garbage (which you are known for) that has nothing to do with the question I asked (which you are also known for). So, how about it? Just name one thing that Hoggs has gotten right.
Also, if you are going to call people “loosers”, you may want to check your spelling. I can see a dictionary in your mother’s basement there. Check it out, loser."
"“Do I know the risk involved in reporting on such things?” Reporting? I think you need to refresh yourself of that word’s definition."
"Thanks for the list of states and the # to call if we see voter fraud"
"We are already seeing signs of massive fraud, just business as usual. The good news is that millions will be on the lookout and many more will be recording events and posting them on-line over the next two weeks. Keep up the good work.
Like they if voting was a threat to the elite would not let us do at all. It is all a scam to keep the elite in power and make the masses think consent was given.
Secrete ballots enable all this fraud."
"All eyes on Electoral delegates. The People know where they live!"
"(Before It's News)
As advanced as our Job Posting Analytics have become—including the ability to filter by keyword search, employer, region, title, skill, or certification—there’s something that no filter or datapoint can replace: viewing the actual job posting.
Now within Job Posting Analytics reports in Analyst and Developer , users can view the full text of the most relevant and recent job postings tailored to their search.
Not only will the viewable postings be filtered by the selected variables, but the keyword searched will also be highlighted in the full posting text. This extra detail makes it even easier to analyze how employers are asking for certain credentials.
With the quick addition of new filters, the postings displayed can be narrowed from all in New York, to all in New York that mention “javascript,” to all in New York that mention “javascript” from Oracle Corporation.
The real power of this new functionality is in the context it provides. Now, users can step into the shoes of the employer and understand exactly what kind of talent they’re seeking in prospective candidates. We’re thrilled to see how this new functionality will empower users to better align programs with employer needs, identify emerging skills and occupations, and more.
Over the next few weeks, our development team will be working to increase the number of viewable postings from five to at least 50.
The post Now Live: View Full Text of Job Postings appeared first on Emsi ."
"(Before It's News)
In the effort to prove the credibility of the undercover donor featured in the videos and to keep the investigation going, Project Veritas Action made the decision to donate twenty thousand dollars to Robert Creamer’s effort. Project Veritas Action had determined that the benefit of this investigation outweighed the cost. And it did. In an unexpected twist, AUFC president Brad Woodhouse, the recipient of the $20,000, heard that Project Veritas Action was releasing undercover videos exposing AUFC’s activities. He told a journalist that AUFC was going to return the twenty thousand dollars. He said it was because they were concerned that it might have been an illegal foreign donation. Project Veritas Action was pleased but wondered why that hadn’t been a problem for the month that they had the money.
View the first part of this series here: https://youtu.be/5IuJGHuIkzY
View the second part of this series here: https://youtu.be/hDc8PVCvfKs
View the third part of this series here: https://youtu.be/EEQvsK5w-jY"
"A leading US senator: US Supporting War in Syria
A leading US senator said the war in Syria would have been over by now if the US had put an end to its intervention when Russia entered the war-ravaged country.
“If the United States had just stayed out of it at that point, the war would be over by now; people would be rebuilding, refugees would be returning back to Syria, but the United States rushed anti-Tank missiles, and we used these so-called moderate rebels as a conduit to supply al-Nusra Front (also known as Fatah al-Sham Front), which is al-Qaeda in Syria,” republican member of the Virginia State in US Senate, Richard Hayden Black said in an exclusive interview with Press TV.
“If we were not supporting the war in Syria, I believe that the Syrians, combined with their allied forces from Iran, Lebanon and Russia… would move very steadily and restore the borders of Syria.”
The senate member, who visited Syria in April, refused to distinguish between militants and terrorists fighting the government of President Bashar al-Assad, saying, the two are “thoroughly integrated.”
“They really are one and the same, they’re part of the same army,” he said, citing a US defense intelligence agency’s investigation in 2013, which showed Washington’s ties with the terror group.
The outspoken state senator referred to plans by the CIA to transfer arms from Libya to Turkey and from there to Syria to supply the militants, noting that the move “evolved into an indiscriminate program of supplying all militant groups, including specifically ISIL and al-Qaeda.”
“We do it indirectly because it’s unlawful to do it directly,” he said, adding that the US keeps “extremely violent organizations… off the terrorist watch list because these are the agents that take our weapons and then distribute them to ISIL and al-Qaeda.”
In response to a question on why Iran and Russia are portrayed as the “bad guys,” while they are the ones really fighting terrorism there, as put recently by GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump, Black said the Republican candidate has a “clear understanding of what’s happening over there.”
“Sometimes, his rhetoric has to match the political mood of the moment… but I know a number of his advisers and they believe that our determination to topple the government in Syria is suicidal, that it threatens not only the entire Middle East but literally the entire world.”
He further warned that the US itself could be “threatened,” arguing that, “if Syria falls, it will be dominated by some al-Qaeda-related organization; Lebanon will fall; Jordan will fall and the entire area will be destabilized.”
The Vietnam war veteran also elaborated on his personal definition of the Middle East “axis of evil,” naming Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and “particularly” Turkey over their support for terrorism.
“Probably, three quarters of the rebels are not Syrian at all, they are mercenaries recruited by Turkey, Qatar and Saudi Arabia,” he asserted, describing the three countries as “the primary force behind the terrorist movement.”
“Turkey has invaded Iraq and Syria with heavy military forces. Turkey has really become a rogue nation,” he added, referring to a 1923 treaty that set the border between Turkey and Greece, saying that was even being questioned by President Rececp Tayyip Erdogan.
“And now you see this emerging threat against Western Europe by Turkey,” he noted, further adding that Erdogan “has made it clear that he looks to resurrection of the Ottoman Empire.”
“He has become more and more aggressive; he’s crushed t