inia State in US Senate, Richard Hayden Black said in an exclusive interview with Press TV.
“If we were not supporting the war in Syria, I believe that the Syrians, combined with their allied forces from Iran, Lebanon and Russia… would move very steadily and restore the borders of Syria.”
The senate member, who visited Syria in April, refused to distinguish between militants and terrorists fighting the government of President Bashar al-Assad, saying, the two are “thoroughly integrated.”
“They really are one and the same, they’re part of the same army,” he said, citing a US defense intelligence agency’s investigation in 2013, which showed Washington’s ties with the terror group.
The outspoken state senator referred to plans by the CIA to transfer arms from Libya to Turkey and from there to Syria to supply the militants, noting that the move “evolved into an indiscriminate program of supplying all militant groups, including specifically ISIL and al-Qaeda.”
“We do it indirectly because it’s unlawful to do it directly,” he said, adding that the US keeps “extremely violent organizations… off the terrorist watch list because these are the agents that take our weapons and then distribute them to ISIL and al-Qaeda.”
In response to a question on why Iran and Russia are portrayed as the “bad guys,” while they are the ones really fighting terrorism there, as put recently by GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump, Black said the Republican candidate has a “clear understanding of what’s happening over there.”
“Sometimes, his rhetoric has to match the political mood of the moment… but I know a number of his advisers and they believe that our determination to topple the government in Syria is suicidal, that it threatens not only the entire Middle East but literally the entire world.”
He further warned that the US itself could be “threatened,” arguing that, “if Syria falls, it will be dominated by some al-Qaeda-related organization; Lebanon will fall; Jordan will fall and the entire area will be destabilized.”
The Vietnam war veteran also elaborated on his personal definition of the Middle East “axis of evil,” naming Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and “particularly” Turkey over their support for terrorism.
“Probably, three quarters of the rebels are not Syrian at all, they are mercenaries recruited by Turkey, Qatar and Saudi Arabia,” he asserted, describing the three countries as “the primary force behind the terrorist movement.”
“Turkey has invaded Iraq and Syria with heavy military forces. Turkey has really become a rogue nation,” he added, referring to a 1923 treaty that set the border between Turkey and Greece, saying that was even being questioned by President Rececp Tayyip Erdogan.
“And now you see this emerging threat against Western Europe by Turkey,” he noted, further adding that Erdogan “has made it clear that he looks to resurrection of the Ottoman Empire.”
“He has become more and more aggressive; he’s crushed the military, the free press; every powerful institution of the Turkish government has come under his iron fist and he’s now a total dictator. He’s a man who has said that he wants the constitution amended so that he will have power similar to those of Adolf Hilter… This is our great ally; we’re allied with a man who would be Hitler.”
He also blasted Washington’s alliance with Saudi Arabia, “where women are not allowed to walk out in the front yard to pick up the newspaper without a man’s permission; they can’t drive a car!”
“Somehow, this is part of the liberalization that we seek to impose on the Middle East,” he said ironically, calling it “bizarre.”
He also praised the resistance against the Saudi aggression by the people of Yemen, saying, “God bless them! The Yemenis are giving the Saudis a bloody nose,” despite being a “tiny little, poor nation.”
“I think the world recognizes that Saudi Arabia has just embarked in massive war crimes in Yemen,” he said, voicing regret over the US support for the monarchy.
“We don’t pay too much attention to them while engaged in war crimes because they’re our good allies,” he said, concluding that Washington is on a “suicidal course of action.”
“Saudi money pays the very top politicians in many Western nations. And they really have co-opted the American military into acting as mercenaries for Wahhabism.”Black referred to the Western media’s portrayal of Iran as a supporter of terrorism, saying, “The fact of the matter is that if you really look at global terrorism, it all emanates from Saudi Arabia.”
He exemplified various terrorists attack, including the 9/11, the Boston bombing, and the Brussels attacks, noting that they are all a “reflection of the Wahhabi philosophy.”"
"0 419 
Social Security is the lifeline of many people who are either too elderly or disabled to support themselves or their loved ones financially. However, to Republicans and conservatives alike, it is an expenditure deemed too costly, even if it means certain death for those who depend on it. 
Forget for a moment that elderly people who worked their entire lives have paid into social security, and should therefore be completely off limits. How could anyone with a soul leave the elderly to die in poverty? And what about those people who are physically and/or mentally disabled? Should we, as a nation, not take care of those citizens? Should we leave them to survive on the streets? 
Donald Trump is not known to do much critical thinking, especially before releasing a statement to the media, but his insane remarks on cutting Social Security have really got liberals fuming. Check out that time Trump told Paul Ryan that he would love to cut Social Security if he didn’t think it would be political suicide: 
“From a moral standpoint, I believe in it. But you also have to get elected. And there’s no way a Republican is going to beat a Democrat when the Republican is saying, ‘We’re going to cut your Social Security’ and the Democrat is saying, ‘We’re going to keep it and give you more.’ ” 
Trump is really trying to say that the lazy people in this country will always vote Democrat because it is Democrats who ensure that the less fortunate are, at least, able to keep their heads above water. To politicians like Donald Trump, these “extras” are killing the country. 
That’s right folks, it’s Ma and Pa Kettle who are ruining the country with their $1200 monthly allotment from the Treasury Department. It certainly wouldn’t be wasteful, greedy real estate moguls who use other people’s money to pay for their extravagant business deals. 
Alex Lawson is the Executive Director of Social Security Works, and he has a much different theory on Trump’s motives with Social Security. Lawson had this to say about it: 
“It is really clear: Donald Trump would 100 percent go along with the Republican donor class position of cutting Social Security. He openly says he will lie to the people about it because he knows that the people are against it.” 
“In his eyes the ‘moral’ thing to do is to steal people’s hard-earned benefits and not talk about it.” 
As we have learned throughout this election season, Donald Trump almost never tells the truth. Yet, he still convinces his mindless followers that he would somehow be good for America, regardless of the fact that there is nothing but evidence to prove the opposite. Trump won’t be happy until our grandparents are living in squalor and eating ramen for every meal. 
Wake me up when November ends.. Share this Article!"
"0 1949 
The ACLU has got a few words for America’s newest elected “leader,” and the letter they just published through the NY Times, is probably the most amazing jab in the history of politics. It doesn’t hurt that the jab came from the American Civil Liberties Union, because the power behind the letter is what makes it so ominous to the president-elect. 
The letter begins with a request for Trump to “change course” on many of the claims he has made in his extremely short political career. 
“Dear President-Elect Trump, 
For nearly 100 years, the ACLU has stood as this nation’s premier defender of freedom and justice for all. 
As you assume the nation’s highest office, we must ask you now as president-elect to reconsider and change course on certain campaign promises you have made. 
Specifically, you promised to: amass deportation force to remove 11 million undocumented immigrants ban the entry of Muslims and institute aggressive surveillance programs targeting them restrict a woman’s right to abortion services reauthorize waterboarding and other forms of torture change our nation’s libel laws and restrict freedom of expression” 
As if this statement alone wasn’t enough of a threat, the ACLU continues: 
“These proposals are not simply un-American and wrong-headed. They are unlawful and unconstitutional, and would violate the First, Fourth, Fifth, Eighth, and Fourteenth Amendments of the Constitution, as well as other statutes and international treaties.” 
“Many of our country’s most cherished rights are the result of ACLU litigation and advocacy. They include the Scopes trial (the right to teach evolution in public science classrooms) and the following Supreme Court cases: Korematsu (challenging Japanese American internment); Miranda (the right to remain silent); Griswold (the right to contraception); Loving (the right of interracial couples to marry); Gideon (the right to a court-appointed attorney if you can’t afford one); Windsor (striking down the federal Defense of Marriage Act); and Obergefell (the right of same-sex couples to marry) and others. We have worked with and battled American presidents of both parties to ensure that our country makes good on it’s founding premise as the land of the free.” 
In the end of the open letter, the ACLU promises to make Trump’s life a nightmare if he continues to pave his road to concentration camp hell. They say Trump will have the full firepower of the ACLU to deal with if he doesn’t wise up. 
They letter concludes