 the demolition. The flames caused several explosions of portable gas, with four migrants arrested over the incident. Cette partie de la #Jungle a été rasée au tractopelle #Calais pic.twitter.com/somJBNNkKy 
— Jonathan RT France (@Jonathan_RTfr) October 26, 2016 
Thousands of hopeful migrants, many of whom are now homeless, are looking to cross the English Channel to find asylum in the UK have been holed up at the camp for months. Britain, however, only agreed to take in around 1,000 migrant children from the camp who have relatives in the UK. 
On Wednesday, almost 40 councils in England refused to accept any of the child refugees evacuated from the camp. 
Meanwhile, with the UN warning that the recent attack on Mosul may unleash up to another million refugees in the coming weeks, Europe's migrant crisis is about to get even worse.  "
"Trending Articles: Trending Articles: The Smoking Gun: Cheryl Mills Tells Podesta ""We Need To Clean This Up - Obama Has Emails From Her"" Published: October 26, 2016 Source: Zero Hedge 
Recall that in a March 2015 interview with CBS, just after the NYT reported of Hillary's use of a private email server, president Obama told the American public he had only learned about Hillary's ""unusual"" arrangement from the press. 
As we further reminded readers one month ago, CBS News senior White House correspondent Bill Plante asked Mr. Obama when he learned about her private email system after his Saturday appearance in Selma, Alabama. "" The same time everybody else learned it through news reports ,"" the president told Plante. "" The policy of my administration is to encourage transparency, which is why my emails, the BlackBerry I carry around, all those records are available and archived ,"" Mr. Obama said. ""I'm glad that Hillary's instructed that those emails about official business need to be disclosed."" 
Unfortunately, the ""transparency"" of the Obama administration was severely tarnished in late September , when in the FBI's interview notes with Huma Abedin released by the FBI it was first revealed that Obama had used a pseudonymous email account: ""Once informed that the sender's name is believed to be pseudonym used by the president, Abedin exclaimed: 'How is this not classified?'"" the report says. ""Abedin then expressed her amazement at the president's use of a pseudonym and asked if she could have a copy of the email."" 
To be sure, this was not definitive evidence that Obama was aware of Hillary's email server, nor that there may have been collusion between the president and the Clinton campaign. 
That changed today, however, when in the latest Podesta dump we learn that in an email from Cheryl Mills to John Podesta , the Clinton aide upon learning what Obama had just said... I have some questions here pic.twitter.com/ufkeoZCx2m 
— Katherine Miller (@katherinemiller) March 7, 2015 
... countered with something quite stunning: 
we need to clean this up - he has emails from her - they do not say state.gov 
That, ladies and gentlemen, is proof that the president not only lied, but did so with the clear intention of protecting the Clinton campaign. 
As a further reminder, Politico previously reported that the State Department had refused to make public that and other emails Clinton exchanged with Obama. Lawyers cited the ""presidential communications privilege,"" a variation of executive privilege, in order to withhold the messages under the Freedom of Information Act. It is therefore unknown what the president's ""alternative"" email account was, or who hosted it. 
This also explains why in a prior Wikileak, Podesta told Mills in an email titled ""Special Category"" that she thinks "" we should hold emails to and from potus? That's the heart of his exec privilege. We could get them to ask for that. They may not care, but I(t) seems like they will. "" Mills did not respond by email. 
The Clinton-Obama emails were turned over to the State Department, which later announced it would not release them. 
* * * 
So just how did Mills and Podesta ""clean up"" the fact that Obama lied to the American people, a tactic some could allege is evidence of an attempt to cover up a presidential lie to protect Hillary Clinton. 
What we do know, and we assume this is completely unrelated, between March 25-31, just a couple of weeks after Mills said ""we need to clean this up,"" Bleachbit was used to wipe Hillary's private server clean. But of course, that is purely a coincidence. 
Since we are confident others will also demand an answer, in light of the latest revelation hinting at a collusive cover up extending to the very top of US government, or as Cheryl Mills dubbed it a ""clean up"", perhaps it is time for the State Depratment to unveil just what was said between the president and the Clinton campaign? Share This Article..."
"YouTube bans ‘Clinton’s black son’   Source: wnd 
Danney Williams and Bill Clinton 
NEW YORK –YouTube on Wednesday suspended the account of Danney Williams, the 30-year-old man who has claimed since the 1990s to be the black son of former President Bill Clinton. 
YouTube, citing “repeated or severe violations of our Terms of Use and/or Community Guidelines,” declared the account “cannot be restored.” 
The YouTube decision blocked the nine-minute feature “BANISHED – The Untold Story of Danney Williams,” which had received 1.2 million views since Williams posted it last week. Produced by filmmaker Joel Gilbert, it drew nearly 100,000 views per day and more than 1,000 viewer comments, with the overwhelming majority expressing support for Williams and outrage at the Clintons for not being willing to allow a DNA test to determine paternity. 
Sign the precedent-setting petition supporting Trump’s call for an independent prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton! 
“My YouTube account has been deleted, but the same video appears in 50 other places on YouTube alone,” Williams said on his Facebook page after being notified of YouTube’s decision. “[YouTube] can’t handle the truth! Please share #BillClintonSon.” 
Twitter also continues to allow Williams to post the “Banished” video on Danney Williams’ page , but the Twitter link to YouTube displays the message : “This video is no longer available because the YouTube account associated with this video has been terminated. Sorry about that.” 
The video is still running on Danney Williams-Clinton’s Facebook page , as well as on the YouTube channel operated by Gilbert. 
Attempt to silence Danney Williams? 
Gilbert told WND he helped Williams file an online appeal form on YouTube asking why the account was suspended and demanding it be immediately reinstated. 
“The behavior of YouTube/Google in suspending Danney’s account is outrageous! There have been absolutely zero violations of any kind let alone a severe one of any YouTube terms or guidelines,” Gilbert said. 
HILL AND BILL EXPOSED AS ‘PARTNERS IN CRIME’– $4.95 TODAY ONLY! $21 discount on No. 1 New York Times bestselling author’s brand-new election blockbuster. 
Gilbert was outspoken in charging YouTube with partisan political motives for the suspension. 
“The only possible explanation is that the Clinton campaign requested YouTube/Google to silence Danney, ‘to run him off the plantation’ as Danney said Hillary Clinton did to him and his aunt when he was a small child and they were chased off the grounds of the Arkansas governor’s mansion in 1990,” Gilbert said. 
“Danney cannot be silenced any longer,” he continued. “Hillary may try to sweep Danney Williams under the rug, but it’s not going to work this time. His story is out there, and every day more and more people understand Bill and Hillary Clinton banished this young man from their family because of the color of his skin.” 
See the Danney Williams video feature: 
WND reported Oct. 19 that in the hours before the third and final presidential debate, attorneys for Williams were in Las Vegas to announce their intention to file a paternity suit demanding DNA evidence from the former president. 
Accompanying the dramatic announcement was a rap music video celebrating Williams that went viral on the Internet. 
The mask is off! Get October’s stunning pre-election Whistleblower issue, “HILLARY’S ULTIMATE WEAPON: America’s biased and abusive news media finally abandon all pretense of fairness” 
No definitive DNA test 
WND reported that no DNA test was conducted in 1999, despite media reports to the contrary when Williams’ claim first surfaced. 
Clinton defenders since 1999 have contended the tabloid Star Magazine conducted a “DNA showdown” proving Bill Clinton was not Williams’ father, citing Star Magazine editor Phil Bunton saying at the time, “There was no match, nothing even close.” 
But in an interview, Bunton told WND that no blood sample was obtained from Clinton and Star Magazine never published a story documenting a laboratory test. 
“I don’t remember ever seeing any laboratory test that was done on Clinton’s DNA,” Bunton told WND. 
Bunton is now the owner of the Rivertown Magazine in Haverstraw, New York. 
He affirmed to WND that the tabloid relied on the DNA evidence for Clinton published by independent counsel Kenneth Starr, extracted from the infamous Monica Lewinsky blue dress. 
“We got a lot of phone calls from several people in the media, including the New York Times, wanting to know when we were going to get the DNA back,” Bunton recalled to WND. “We thought it was going to turn out to be his son, but when the DNA came back there was no story there even to write.” 
The DNA test released by Kenneth Starr was the second of two DNA laboratory tests the FBI had run on Clinton, but the public record leaves no doubt that Starr withheld the more robust test conducted by the FBI. 
‘Twitter rules’ 
Many other figures who have challenged the Democratic Party or the left-leaning media narrative also have run into trouble with social media outlets, including James O’Keefe and his Project Veritas, which has exposed Clinton campaign voter fraud and agitation in a series of hidden-camera videos. Just as O’Keefe was prepari