DNC’s voicemails on the topic ). There are emails that prove who is actually pulling HRC’s puppet strings and that puppeteer is George Soros . The shadow government is not just a conspiracy theory – it really exists and Hillary’s job is to keep George Soros happy. ( source ) Excerpts from her speeches to Wall Street read like a guide to two-faced treachery. In them, she clearly points out that sometimes you “need” to lie. “If everybody’s watching, you know, all of the back room discussions and the deals, you know, then people get a little nervous, to say the least. So, you need both a public and a private position.” ( source ) Wikileaks emails show that back when she still worked for CNN and before she became an employee of the Clinton campaign, Donna Brazile gave Hillary the questions in advance for her “impromptu” CNN Town Hall questions. ( source ) The campaign got to “approve” articles in influential publications like NY Times, HuffPo, CNN, NBC, CBS, NYT, MSNBC, and Politico, showing a massive collusion with the mainstream media, who has hounded Trump relentlessly in an effort to distract from HRC’s abysmal candidacy. ( source ) Through the treasure trove of Wikileaks emails, we can gain an accurate picture of how Hillary really feels about us all (spoiler: basket of deplorables, basement dwellers and right wing conspirators) ( source ) President Obama knew the whole time that her emails were not coming from the secure State Department server. Cheryl Mills wrote to John Podesta, “W e need to clean this up – he has emails from her – they do not say state.gov .” You see, Obama’s emails all have to be from”whitelisted”addresses. So someone, somewhere, added her nonsecure email to his whitelist. ( source ) 
And finally, here’s the real reason that treacherous shrew is involved in politics. And let me tell you, it isn’t because she yearns to make things better for anyone but herself. (emphasis mine.) 
At the Goldman Sachs Builders and Innovators Summit, Clinton responded to a question from chief executive Lloyd Blankfein, who quipped that you “go to Washington” to “make a small fortune.” Clinton agreed with the comment and complained about ethics rules that require officials to divest from certain assets before entering government. “ There is such a bias against people who have led successful and/or complicated lives, ” Clinton said. ( source ) 
Together, we cannot be ignored. 
I am on a mission between now and the Presidential Election on November 8th and I hope that you will join me. 
I am going to work day and night to provide the coverage that the mainstream media is not. It isn’t until we combine all of our voices that we can make people listen to the scandals, the rigging, and the corruption, not only in this election but in the system in general. Please join your voice with mine by liking, sharing, and spreading the word. 
Together, we cannot be ignored. Together, we are an army. Share This Article..."
"WHO Cancer Agency Under Fire for withholding ‘carcinogenic glyphosate’ Documents   RT 
The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), facing criticism over its classification of carcinogens, has reportedly been advising its scientific experts not to publish internal research data on its 2015 report on “probably carcinogenic” glyphosate. 
The IARC urged its scientists not to publish research documents on its 2015 weedkiller glyphosate review, according to Reuters. The agency told Reuters on Tuesday that it tried to protect the study from “external interference,” as well as protect its intellectual rights, since it was “the sole owner of such materials.” 
The scientists had been asked earlier to release all the documentation on the 2015 report under US freedom of information laws. 
The groundbreaking review, published in March 2015 by the IARC – a semi-autonomous agency of the World Health Organization (WHO) – labeled the glyphosate herbicide as “probably carcinogenic to humans.” Glyphosate is a key ingredient of Monsanto’s flagship weedkiller well-known under the trade name ‘Roundup.’ It is one of the most heavily used herbicides in the world and is designed to go along with genetically-modified “Roundup Ready” crops, also produced by Monsanto. 
The IARC’s report caused problems for both the notorious agrochemical giant and the agency itself. 
The report sparked a heated debate around the use of Roundup, and caused several EU countries – including France, Sweden, and the Netherlands – to object to the renewal of the glyphosate’s EU license. The vote on prolonging the glyphosate license for 15 years failed several times in June 2016, but the license was temporarily extended for 18 months during last hours before its expiration. 
The controversial report has seemingly made the IARC a target for attacks from multiple directions, and raised scientific, legal, and financial questions. 
Various critics, including those in the chemical industry, said the IARC’s evaluations are fuel for “unnecessary health scares,” since the IARC allegedly studies the potentially harmful substance itself, and not a “typical human” exposure to it. It remained unclear whether the critics urged a WHO body to test the potentially carcinogenic chemical on humans. 
The critics also brought up other controversial statements from the IARC, over whether such things as mobile phones, coffee, red meat, and processed meat could cause cancer. 
The agency defended its methods as scientifically sound and “widely respected for their scientific rigor, standardized and transparent process and…freedom from conflicts of interest.” Numerous freedom of information requests by the Energy & Environment Legal Institute (E&E Legal), a US conservative advocacy group, have since been turned down with this reasoning. 
E&E Legal told Reuters that it is pushing a legal challenge over whether the documents in question belong to the IARC or to the US federal and state institutions where some of the experts work. Basically, it’s being decided whether the IARC, as part of the WHO, is truly independent and free from “conflicts of interest.” 
According to Reuters, officials from the US National Institutes of Health (NIH) will be questioned by a congressional committee about why American taxpayers fund the cancer agency, which faces much criticism over its allegedly faulty classification of carcinogens. 
“IARC’s standards and determinations for classifying substances as carcinogenic, and therefore cancer-causing, appear inconsistent with other scientific research, and have generated much controversy and alarm,” a letter from US Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz to NIH director Francis Collins states, as quoted by Reuters. 
The Oversight Committee demanded a full disclosure of NIH funding of the IARC, and even money spent in relation to the cancer agency’s activities. 
IARC opponents from scientific circles vowed to provide their data on the matter. The European Food Safety Authority (EFSA), which believes glyphosate is “unlikely pose a carcinogenic hazard to humans,” promised to release its raw data on the subject as part of its “commitment to open risk assessment.” The food safety watchdog made this statement in late September, and still has to deliver the promised information. Share This Article..."
"""Blue Alerts"" to be used to keep the 'War on Cops' lie, alive   
Police State America's control of our cell phones and media has taken a dark and twisted turn. Soon, everyone's cell phone will receive a ""Blue Alert"" warning them that police are looking for someone who's allegedly injured or killed a cop. Americans can expect to see ""Blue Alerts"" popping up everywhere, on their cellphones, TV's and even their radios .According to the Blue Alert Foundation , a ""Blue Alert"" is a means to speed the apprehension of violent criminals who kill or seriously injure local, state, or federal law enforcement officers.According to Wikipedia, the National Blue Alert system will pay a Department of Justice officer to become their national coordinator . Congress estimates is will cost taxpayers $1 million dollars annually to maintain the Blue Alert system. DHS controlled EAS warning system ""Blue Alerts"" will be broadcast over the EAS warning system.The EAS warning system wasn't designed to be used as a propaganda tool. (i'm trying not to scream as i'm typing) But that's exactly, what it's become. The EAS warning system has become a propaganda tool used by DHS/Police to keep Americans in fear. This past September, FEMA (DHS) conducted a national EAS warning test that encompassed radio, broadcast TV, cable, satellite, and other service providers (cell phone).It's hard to imagine a more successful national propaganda device in the hands of a government.DHS has successfully managed to condition the public into accepting MONTHLY test messages in English and Spanish. Earlier this year, I warned everyone that DHS is a master at using scare tactics to keep Americans afraid . As recently as two years ago, DHS was accused of using scare tactics in order to secure congressional funding. Why would anyone, expect DHS ""Blue Alerts"" to be any different?You can bet former Stasi and KGB officials, would have died to have had such a complete national propaganda device at their disposal. Why do we need a national ""Blue Alert"" system? The 'War on cops' is a lie A recent Antimedia article , revealed the war against police is pure fiction. The reality is, more cops have died from accidents than by violence. In 2015, the latest year for which the FBI has analyzed data, 41 police officers died as a result of the felonious actions of others. Forty-five died in accidents — 40 of which were attributable to traffic and/or automobile-related incidents . For more information, read the FBI’s annual “Law Enforcement Officers Killed and Assaulted” report . Police groups blame Obama and Black Lives Matter for the BS 'War on cops' According to a Mother Jones article , police groups have joined high-profile right-wing figures in issuing sharp criticisms of those they s