ee as facilitating a 'War on cops.' (President Barack Obama and supporters of the Black Lives Matter movement)In a statement posted on its Facebook page , the National Association of Police Organizations said: ""While we mourn and grieve and commit ourselves to supporting the survivors, we must also stand up and speak out against the senseless agitators and gutless politicians who helped bring about these murders."" A Huffington Post article , reveals the lie that started the 'war on cops.'"
"Cops Begin ILLEGALLY Removing DAPL Protesters From Protected Indian Land — Stolen Through Eminent Domain   Counter Current News 
The months-long protests of the Dakota Access Pipeline has just come to a head on Thursday. 
Police and protesters clashed over disputed territory near the pipeline’s path, on Native American tribal land, seized by the government. 
CNN reports the following: 
North Dakota authorities started removing roadblocks protesters set up to demarcate a camp that they say is located on tribal land. 
Protesters set up teepees, tents and other structures on Sunday to set down roots for a “winter camp.” 
But authorities say they are trespassing and brought in police in riot gear to forcibly remove protesters from what they say is private property. 
State authorities called in reinforcements from seven other states to help, North Dakota Department of Emergency Services spokeswoman Cecily Fong said. As of Thursday afternoon, about 100 protesters remained. 
“Protesters escalated unlawful behavior this weekend by setting up illegal roadblocks, trespassing onto private property and establishing an encampment (actions that) forced law enforcement to respond at this time,” Morton County Sheriff Kyle Kirchmeier stated. 
The conflict between police and protesters originates from the ongoing construction of the 1,172-mile pipeline that will threaten the environment and destroy Native American burial sites, prayer sites and culturally significant artifacts. 
Watch the videos below and help SPREAD THE WORD! 
(Article by M. David)"
"Duterte Pulls a 180: China to Build Fake Islands Right Off Philippine Coast   Underground Reporter 
( UR ) Beijing — In a move signaling a point of no return in Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte’s recent pivot to China, it was reported Tuesday the Philippines have granted a state-owned Chinese infrastructure group the right to build artificial islands in the South China Sea — they very practice Duterte’s predecessor had sought to restrict via U.N. intervention. 
“China Communication Construction Company (CCCC), a State-owned infrastructure group, recently signed a contract with the Philippines’ Mega Harbour Port and Development Inc. to conduct a 208-hectare land reclamation project in Davao’s harbour,” wrote China’s state-run People’s Daily . 
To be built just off the Philippines’ southern coast by “moving sediment from the seafloor to a reef,” the four islands “will be used for government offices, businesses, residences, ports and industrial land.” 
The CCCC Dredging chairman stated “the project will elevate cooperation between China and the Philippines’ port construction companies to a new height” and that he “expects the project to become a model for future cooperation between the two nations.” 
It was barely three months ago that a United Nations arbitration court ruled China’s nearly all-encompassing claim of territorial rights to the South China Sea was invalid. That case had been brought by the administration of Duterte’s predecessor, President Benigno Aquino, because China had begun to construct artificial islands in those waters. 
Such a drastic shift in policy — and the, admittedly, somewhat puzzling nature of it — was remarked on by Steve Mollman who, writing for Quartz , reported on the new China-Philippines deal on Thursday: 
“You’d think that rewarding China’s dredging sector would be the last thing the Philippines wants to do. After all, in recent years Chinese dredging ships have been an unwelcome presence in parts of the South China Sea near the Philippines, helping to build islands atop reefs that then became Chinese military bases, complete with runways and ports.” 

South China Sea, with Paracel and Spratly Islands. [Public domain] 
Indeed, for awhile it appeared the navies of China and the United States — who physically intervened on the side of the Philippines — would succumb to all-out war in the South China Sea. 
Tensions have since deescalated considerably, however, due in large part to the fact that Duterte, who’s officially announced he intends for his country’s future to unfold within the Chinese sphere of influence, has taken away the one thing the U.S. needed to stick its nose in the affairs of the region — an excuse. 
“In this venue, your honors, in this venue, I announce my separation from the United States,” Duterte said while speaking at the Great Hall of the People during a historic trip to Beijing last week. 
In that speech, the Filipino president made his reasoning for the pivot quite clear. “America has lost,” he said flatly. He made equally clear he wants to be a part of what he feels is the winning side: “I’ve realigned myself in your ideological flow and maybe I will also go to talk to (Russian President) Putin and tell him that there are three of us against the world — China, Philippines and Russia. It’s the only way.” 
So Duterte is now allowing China to build fake islands in the South China Sea. 
That statement, in itself, is enough to raise the eyebrows of people following the developments in that region. And with regard to the South China Sea dispute — on the Philippines front, at least — Duterte, in a very real sense, is right. American has lost. Because, after all, it’s awfully hard to convince folks of Chinese aggression when China and the country in question are cooperating voluntarily."
"Project Veritas 4: Robert Creamer's Illegal $20,000 Foreign Wire Transfer Caught On Tape   Zero Hedge 
Project Veritas has just released Part IV of it's multi-part series exposing numerous scandals surrounding the DNC and the Clinton campaign, including efforts to incite violence at Trump rallies and, at least what seems to be, illegal coordination between the DNC, Hillary For America and various Super PACs. 
Part IV focuses on a $20,000 foreign donation made by an undercover Project Veritas journalist to Americans United for Change (AUFC). Ironically, shortly after the $20k donation wire was released, the contributor's ""niece"" was offered an internship with Creamer's firm, Democracy Partners. 
In the new video, Creamer says: “Every morning I am on a call at 10:30 that goes over the message being driven by the campaign headquarters … I am in this campaign mainly to deal with what earned media with television, radio, with earned media and social media, not with paid media, not with advertising.” He also mentions a conference call discussing a woman potentially coming forward to accuse Trump of inappropriate behavior. 
Creamer, a seasoned Chicago activist who is married to Rep. Jan Schakowsky (D-IL), whose Republican opponent, Joan McCarthy Lasonde has called for her to resign over her husband’s activities, also talks about his work with Barack Obama, whom he says he has known since the 1980s, when Obama was a community organizer in Chicago: “He’s a pro, I’ve known the President since he was a community organizer in Chicago.” 
Elsewhere, Creamer adds: “I do a lot of work with the White House on their issues, helping to run issue campaigns that they have been involved in. I mean, for immigration reform for the… the health care bill, for trying to make America more like Britain when it comes to gun violence issues.” 
In the effort to prove the credibility of the undercover donor featured in the videos and to keep the investigation going, Project Veritas Action made the decision to donate twenty thousand dollars to Robert Creamer’s effort. Project Veritas Action had determined that the benefit of this investigation outweighed the cost. And it did. 

“First thing, like I said, thank you for the proposal. And I’d like to get the $20,000 across to you. The second call I’m going to make here is to my money guy and he’s going to get in touch with you and auto wire the funds to you,” said the PVA journalist. 

Creamer told the PVA journalist to send the money to Americans United for Change. Shortly after the money was released, the “donors”“niece” - another Project Veritas Action journalist - was offered an internship with Creamer. 

In an effort to see how far Creamer would go with the promise of more money, another Project Veritas journalist posing as the donor’s money liaison requested a meeting with Creamer. During that meeting, Creamer spoke about connections he had with Obama and Clinton. 
AUFC President, Brad Woodhouse, subsequently returned the money, after Project Veritas started to release their undercover videos, citing ""concerns that it might have been an illegal foreign donation."" Oddly, Woodhouse was not terribly concerned about the ""legality"" of the donation when he chose to accept it a month prior. 
In an unexpected twist, AUFC president Brad Woodhouse, the recipient of the $20,000, heard that Project Veritas Action was releasing undercover videos exposing AUFC’s activities. He told a journalist that AUFC was going to return the twenty thousand dollars. He said it was because they were concerned that it might have been an illegal foreign donation. Project Veritas Action was pleased but wondered why that hadn’t been a problem for the month that they had the money. 

While the latest video focuses on the "" $20,000 illegal foreign contribution"" from an undercover Project Veritas journalist , the following comments from Robert Creamer were also rather intriguing in light of recent White House efforts to vehemently deny any connections between he and President Obama. 
""Oh Barack Obama's was the best campaign in the history of American politics, I mean the second one, I mean the first was good too. I was a consultant to both, 