 what we found, there have been no laws that comprehensively regulate face recognition technology, and there’s really no case law either,” Clare Garvie, an associate at the CPT, told Vocativ. “So we find ourselves having to rely on the agencies that are using that technology to rein it in. But what we found is that not every system — by a long shot — has a use policy.” 
With that in mind, Bloomberg published an interesting article yesterday covering a couple of lawsuits against Facebook and Google regarding their facial recognition practices. 
Here’s some of what we learned: 
While millions of internet users embrace the tagging of family and friends in photos, others worried there’s something devious afoot are trying block Facebook as well as Google from amassing such data. 
As advances in facial recognition technology give companies the potential to profit from biometric data, privacy advocates see a pattern in how the world’s largest social network and search engine have sold users’ viewing histories for advertising. The companies insist that gathering data on what you look like isn’t against the law, even without your permission. 
If judges agree with Facebook and Google, they may be able to kill off lawsuits filed under a unique Illinois law that carries fines of $1,000 to $5,000 each time a person’s image is used without permission — big enough for a liability headache if claims on behalf of millions of consumers proceed as class actions. A loss by the companies could lead to new restrictions on using biometrics in the U.S., similar to those in Europe and Canada. 
Facebook declined to comment on its court fight. Google declined to comment on pending litigation. 
Facebook encourages users to “tag” people in photographs they upload in their personal posts and the social network stores the collected information. The company uses a program it calls DeepFace to match other photos of a person. Alphabet Inc.’s cloud-based Google Photos service uses similar technology. 
The billions of images Facebook is thought to be collecting could be even more valuable to identity thieves than the names, addresses, and credit card numbers now targeted by hackers, according to privacy advocates and legal experts. 
And just how good is Facebook’s technology? According to the company’s research, DeepFace recognizes faces with an accuracy rate of 97.35 percent compared with 97.5 percent for humans — including mothers. 
Rotenberg said the privacy concerns are twofold: Facebook might sell the information to retailers or be forced to turn it over to law enforcement — in both cases without users knowing it. 
Now here’s some history on Facebook and facial recognition. Facebook v. Privacy Law 
December 2005 — Facebook introduces photo tagging 
October 2008 — Illinois adopts Biometric Information Privacy Act 
June 2012 — Facebook acquires Israeli facial recognition developer Face.com 
September 2012 — Facebook ceases facial recognition in Europe 
2015-2016 — Facebook, Google, Shutterfly and Snapchat sued under Illinois biometrics law. Shutterfly settles confidentially. 
May 2016 — Illinois lawmaker proposes excluding photos from biometrics law, then shelves bill after privacy advocates complain 
October 2016 — Facebook makes second attempt to get biometrics lawsuit thrown out 
The Facebook case is In re Facebook Biometric Information Privacy Litigation, 15-cv-03747, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California (San Francisco). The Google cases are Rivera v. Google, 16-cv-02714, and Weiss v. Google, 16-cv-02870, U.S. District Court, Northern District of Illinois (Chicago). 
For prior articles on the topic, see:"
"LaGuardia Airport Closed After Mike Pence's Campaign Plane Skids Off Runway   Zero Hedge 
Update:*PENCE SAYS 'THANKFUL EVERYONE ON OUR PLANE IS SAFE' 
Republican vice presidential nominee Mike Pence's campaign plane just slid off the runway at LaGuardia Airport in New York City during heavy rain. Emergency crews responded to the incident, but journalists on the plane quickly tweeted that there were no injuries. 
BREAKING: Campaign plane carrying Gov Mike Pence skids off runway while landing at LaGuardia Airport, no injuries reported pic.twitter.com/L0DwgT1b28 
— News Republic (@NewsRepublic) October 28, 2016 **Everyone is okay, including the candidate -- but the Pence campaign plane slid off runway upon landing at LaGuardia pic.twitter.com/EDG1GEjVnQ 
— Vaughn Hillyard (@VaughnHillyard) October 27, 2016 Emergency crew on site. The governor stood up and made sure everyone was okay. https://t.co/rFHIVM0K9Q 
— Vaughn Hillyard (@VaughnHillyard) October 27, 2016 #Breaking :Mike Pence campaign plane slid off the runway upon landing at New York's LaGuardia Airport pic.twitter.com/5B7kqPQ4VI 
— Michael Delauzon (@MichaelDelauzon) October 28, 2016 .@ @mike_pence 's campaign plane has slid off the runway at LaGuardia Airport in New York. https://t.co/6rm43QGScT #Election2016 pic.twitter.com/8D9dGJGMTZ 
— 7 News Sydney (@7NewsSydney) October 28, 2016 

The latest is that they have shut LaGuardia: *LAGUARDIA CLOSED DUE TO PLANE SKIDDING OFF RUNWAY: NOTIFY NYC Share This Article..."
"Schools All Over America Are Closing On Election Day Due To Fears Of Violence   
Will this be the most chaotic election day in modern American history? All across the nation, schools are being closed on election day due to safety fears. Traditionally, schools have been very popular as voting locations because they can accommodate a lot of people, they usually have lots of parking, and everyone in the community knows where they are and can usually get to them fairly easily. But now there is a big movement to remove voting from schools or to shut schools down on election day so that children are not present when voting takes place. According to Fox News , “voting has been removed or classes have been canceled on Election Day at schools in Illinois, Maine, Nebraska, New Hampshire, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and elsewhere.” Just a couple days ago , I shared with you a survey that found that 51 percent of all Americans are concerned about violence happening on election day, and all of these schools closing is just another sign of how on edge much of the population is as we approach November 8th. 
Many officials are being very honest about the fact that schools are being shut down on election day because they are afraid of election violence. The following comes from Fox News … 
Several schools across the nation have decided to close on Election Day over fears of possible violence in the hallways stemming from the fallout from the heated rhetoric that consumed the campaign trail. 
The fear is the ugliness of the election season could escalate into confrontations and even violence in the school hallways, endangering students. 
“If anybody can sit there and say they don’t think this is a contentious election, then they aren’t paying much attention,” Ed Tolan, the Falmouth, Maine police chief, said Tuesday. His community has already called off classes on Nov. 8 and an increased police presence will be felt around town. 
And without a doubt, voting locations are “soft targets” that often have little or no security. We have been blessed to have had such peaceful elections in the past, but we also need to realize that times have changed. I believe that there is wisdom in what Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp told reporters … 
“There is a concern, just like at a concert, sporting event or other public gathering that we didn’t have 15 or 20 years ago,” said Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp, co-chairman of the National Association of Secretaries of State election committee. “ What if someone walks in a polling location with a backpack bomb or something? If that happens at a school, then that’s certainly concerning.” 
All it is going to take is a single incident to change everything. 
Let us hope that it is not this election day when we see something like that. 
Another reason why polling locations are under increased scrutiny this election season is because of concerns about election fraud. This is something that Donald Trump has alluded to repeatedly on the campaign trail. For instance, just consider what he told a rally in Pennsylvania … 
“We don’t want to lose an election because you know what I’m talking about,” Trump told an overwhelmingly white crowd in Manheim, Pa., earlier this month. “Because you know what? That’s a big, big problem, and nobody wants to talk about it. Nobody has the guts to talk about it. So go and watch these polling places .” 
And of course reports are already pouring in from around the country of big problems with the voting machines. In Illinois this week, one candidate personally experienced a machine switching his votes from Republicans to Democrats… 
Early voting in Illinois got off to a rocky start Monday, as votes being cast for Republican candidates were transformed into votes for Democrats. 
Republican state representative candidate Jim Moynihan went to vote Monday at the Schaumburg Public Library. 
“I tried to cast a vote for myself and instead it cast the vote for my opponent,” Moynihan said. “You could imagine my surprise as the same thing happened with a number of races when I tried to vote for a Republican and the machine registered a vote for a Democrat.” 
In addition, if you keep up with my work on The Economic Collapse Blog , then you already know that a number of voters down in Texas have reported that their votes were switched from Donald Trump to Hillary Clinton . 
Well, it turns out that those voting machines appear to have a link to the Clinton Foundation … 
According to OpenSecrets, the company who provided the alleged glitching voting machines is a subsidiary of The McCarthy Group. 
The McCarthy group is a major donor to the Clinton Foundation – apparently donating 200,000 dollars in 2007 – when it was the largest owner of United States voting machines. Or perhaps the 200,000 dollars went to paying Bill Clinton for speeches? 
Either way, it doesn’t look good. 
After everything that we saw in 2012 , I a