m convinced that there is good reason to be concerned about the integrity of our voting machines. 
But Democrats don’t like poll observers, because they think that having too many poll observers will intimidate their voters… 
“It’s un-American, but at the same time we have a long history of doing things like that ,” Ari Berman, author of the 2016 book “ Give Us the Ballot: The Modern Struggle for Voting Rights in America ,” previously told The Christian Science Monitor. “Voting was very, very dangerous. I don’t think anyone’s suggesting that we’re at the same place today. I just think the loss of the [official poll observers] is going to be really problematic.” 
Without a doubt, this has been the craziest election season that we have seen in decades, and I have a feeling that it is about to get even crazier. 
But will the end result be the election of the most corrupt politician in the history of our country ? 
If that is the outcome after all that we have been through, it will be exceedingly depressing indeed. About the author: Michael Snyder is the founder and publisher of The Economic Collapse Blog and End Of The American Dream. Michael’s controversial new book about Bible prophecy entitled “The Rapture Verdict” is available in paperback and for the Kindle on Amazon.com.* Share This Article..."
"Jury Acquits All 7 Leaders of Oregon Standoff   Source: Cryptogon 
This whole thing must be a COINTEL operation. I don’t know whether any of these people are willing participants in such an operation (I suspect some of them are), but you can bet that .gov is interested in running detailed surveillance and social network analysis on all of them. 
Consider what can happen if you write the wrong thing on social media. Justin Carter wrote something stupid on Facebook back in 2013 and his life has been destroyed. After being beaten in jail and spending time in solitary confinement , Carter is still awaiting trial . 
But the people involved with taking over a U.S. Government facility for several weeks are allowed to walk free? 
COINTELPRO. Gotta be. 
Via: USA Today : 
The seven leaders of an armed group who took over a wildlife refuge in Oregon earlier this year were all found not guilty Thursday of conspiracy and possession of firearms at a federal facility. 
A jury exonerated brothers Ammon and Ryan Bundy and five other co-defendants of conspiring to block federal workers from their jobs at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in a standoff that began Jan. 2 and lasted almost six weeks. 
Defendant Ken Medenbach, who was not in the courtroom for the verdict and had been away for medical treatment, began crying when informed of the news over the telephone. 
“It’s wonderful – the holy spirit has been listening to our prayers,” Medenbach said. “The people have spoken.” Share This Article..."
"President Obama’s 2013 Golf Trip With Tiger Woods Cost Taxpayers $3.6 Million   Source: Against Crony Capitalism 

Golf, as I have written before is a wonderful game. It is a thinking persons game. It is profoundly challenging and one can play it practically until they cart you away to the afterlife clubhouse. That Obama also likes golf is one of the few things on which he and I could (in theory) relate. (My usual go to with my “progressive” friends is classic rock. If one can drink a beer, keep one’s politics in check for a couple of hours and talk T-Rex and The Kinks we can be friends.) That he has played as much golf as he has in his presidency I also see as a positive. I’d rather have him wandering the fairways than getting all “inspired” back in the White House. 
But a $3.6 million golf trip in the taxpayer’s dime is just insulting. 
(From Mediaite) 
In February 2013, President Obama took a four-day golf vacation to Florida where he played a round with Tiger Woods , and took a lesson from Woods’s former coach, Butch Harmon . 
A new report from The Washington Times says that the long weekend getaway cost taxpayers $3.6 million ."
"Trending Articles: Trending Articles: 'This is slavery': U.S. inmates strike in what activists call one of the biggest prison protests in modern history Published: October 28, 2016 Source: La Times 
In his 29 years in prison, David Bonner has mopped floors, cooked hot dogs in the cafeteria and, most recently, cut sheets of aluminum into Alabama license plates. 
The last job paid $2 a day — enough to buy a bar of soap at the commissary or make a short phone call. 
""This is slavery,"" said Bonner, who is 51 and serving a life sentence for murder. ""We're forced to work these jobs and we get barely anything.” 
He was speaking on a mobile phone smuggled into his 8-by-12 foot cell in Alabama’s Holman Correctional Facility, where he and dozens of other inmates were on strike. 
They’re among a growing national movement of prisoners who have staged work stoppages or hunger strikes this fall to protest dismal wages, abusive guards, overcrowding and poor healthcare, among other grievances. 
Prisoners’ rights activists say the coordinated effort is one of the largest prison protests in modern history, drawing in at least 20,000 inmates in at least 24 prisons in 23 states. 
Corrections officials have confirmed inmate protests in Michigan, South Carolina and Florida since early September. In California, at least 300 inmates have been involved in hunger strikes at jails in Santa Clara and Merced counties. 
In several states, including Virginia, Ohio and Texas, officials have denied claims by activists that strikes have occurred. 
Alabama officials acknowledged the protest at the Holman prison, 52 miles northeast of Mobile, though they said it was limited to a one-day strike by 60 inmates who worked in the kitchen and license plate plant — far less extensive than the 10-plus days in September and October that activists described. 
""I know there are inmates who are saying there is this big, wide work stoppage but that is just not the case,"" said Alabama Dept. of Corrections spokesman Bob Horton. 
Horton denied inmate reports that the prison had been on lockdown in response to strikes, which he described as ""peaceful."" But he also said he understood some of prisoners' complaints about living conditions. Holman is ""overcrowded and understaffed,"" Horton said, adding that state officials were working to fix the problem."
"Schools All Over America Are Closing On Election Day Due To Fears Of Violence 
Will this be the most chaotic election day in modern American history? All across the nation, schools are being closed on election day due to safety fears. Traditionally, schools have been very popular as voting locations because they can accommodate a lot of people, they usually have lots of parking, and everyone in the community knows where they are and can usually get to them fairly easily. But now there is a big movement to remove voting from schools or to shut schools down on election day so that children are not present when voting takes place. According to Fox News, “voting has been removed or classes have been canceled on Election Day at schools in Illinois, Maine, Nebraska, New Hampshire, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and elsewhere.” Just a couple days ago, I shared with you a survey that found that 51 percent of all Americans are concerned about violence happening on election day, and all of these schools closing is just another sign of how on edge much of the population is as we approach November 8th."
"The Modern History of ‘Rigged’ US Elections   Robert Parry, Consortium News 
The United States is so committed to the notion that its electoral process is the world’s “gold standard” that there has been a bipartisan determination to maintain the fiction even when evidence is overwhelming that a U.S. presidential election has been manipulated or stolen. The “wise men” of the system simply insist otherwise. 
We have seen this behavior when there are serious questions of vote tampering (as in Election 1960) or when a challenger apparently exploits a foreign crisis to create an advantage over the incumbent (as in Elections 1968 and 1980) or when the citizens’ judgment is overturned by judges (as in Election 2000). 
The harsh truth is that pursuit of power often trumps the principle of an informed electorate choosing the nation’s leaders, but that truth simply cannot be recognized.Strangely, in such cases, it is not only the party that benefited which refuses to accept the evidence of wrongdoing, but the losing party and the establishment news media as well. Protecting the perceived integrity of the U.S. democratic process is paramount. Americans must continue to believe in the integrity of the system even when that integrity has been violated. 
Of course, historically, American democracy was far from perfect, excluding millions of people, including African-American slaves and women. The compromises needed to enact the Constitution in 1787 also led to distasteful distortions, such as counting slaves as three-fifths of a person for the purpose of representation (although obviously slaves couldn’t vote). 
That unsavory deal enabled Thomas Jefferson to defeat John Adams in the pivotal national election of 1800. In effect, the votes of Southern slave owners like Jefferson counted substantially more than the votes of Northern non-slave owners. 
Even after the Civil War when the Constitution was amended to give black men voting rights, the reality for black voting, especially in the South, was quite different from the new constitutional mandate. Whites in former Confederate states concocted subterfuges to keep blacks away from the polls to ensure continued white supremacy for almost a century. 
Women did not gain suffrage until 1920 with the passage of another constitutional amendment, and it took federal legislation in 1965 to clear away legal obstacles that Southern states had created to deny the franchise to blacks. 
Indeed, the alleged voter fraud in Election 1960, concentrated largely in Texas, a former Confederate state and home to John Kennedy’s vice presidential running mate, Lyndon Johnson, could be viewed as an outgrowth of the South’s her