l screen voting machines can be equally secure if paper ballots are kept and checked. Premier Optical Scan with Automark is used, in parts of California, Colorado, and since 2008, under Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner, in parts of Ohio. Often, these involve entering your vote, and leaving a record, which you see in the machine, on a paper tape, of how your ballot was cast. 
But there are two striking problems with even these somewhat better machines. First, in 2014, the Environmental Protection Agency discovered that Volkswagens had an internal computer program which had long passed US emission tests, but polluted forty times more on the road . The cars were able to recognize when they were being tested (and had to keep the emission controls switched on) and when they were on the road and could pollute at will without fear of being caught. As Barbara Simons of Verified Voting aptly put it, we do not want “VW-style elections.” 
Appel’s mantra is: “any computer can be hacked.” 
Separating paper ballots physically from a computerized tape and keeping them in a different location, many computer experts believe, would provide further insurance against hacking even on optical scan machines. 
Second, challenging the results, particularly in a presidential election and even starting from an automatic recount, as Al Gore did in Florida in 2000, is very difficult. It would take a long time to recount the votes, even if the party in power were not trying to sabotage it… 
So the most important thing, as in Germany, is to get each election right in the first place. Why, we might ask, have officials sold public elections and the equal right to vote — again, the most important public feature of our democracy — to private, profit-making corporations? Once again, these corporations, claiming their programs are “proprietary” secrets, do not allow any independent check of how they operate . 
A few states like New Mexico have adopted, Appel says, a model procedure for close or controversial elections: 
*Immediately conduct a random recount of part of the paper ballots. 
*If there is an error, do a full recount. 
*Do not certify an election until both are done.” 
Appel and nine other experts, including Lawrence Norden from the Democracy Program of the Brennan Center at the New York University Law School and John McCarthy of the Verified Voting Foundation, offered 10 suggestions for securing existing machines and registration lists. For instance, they underline that “without voter-verified paper ballots, effective audits are impossible; they recommend checking samples from the voting system with hand counts of matched sets of paper ballots, recruiting technical experts to help with such tests, and publicizing the results, before certification of the election. 
They also recommend a new, detailed ballot accounting by each polling center and reconciliation with the number of those who signed in to vote there. Still, to put these procedures into practice would probably require sustained pressure from the voting public. 
Moreover, anyone familiar with vote counting in precincts across the country knows that many computer checking and security measures these experts recommend are far too sophisticated for most poll-watchers to implement before the November 8 election. Further, all Secretaries of State, who are often unabashed political partisans, would have to have good intentions — an assumption hard to reconcile with the actions of Kenneth Blackwell in Ohio in 2004 or Katherine Harris in Florida in 2000. 
In contrast, consider the record of Dana Debeauvoir, election clerk in Travis County which includes the University of Texas (Austin). She has worked with critics and computer experts, to propose a new type of encryption plus a paper record (it will not be ready, unfortunately, until the 2020 election). 
A federal law requiring oversight of elections by politically independent or neutral state officials would vastly improve the security of the American electoral process. But Appel is not optimistic about the prospect of Congressionally mandated reforms. For the upcoming election, some of the recommended measures will be in place in some jurisdictions across the country. 
After this election, however, with a strong democratic push from below, it might be possible to outlaw the highly insecure DREs ( touch-screen machines), provide adequate funding as well as training for election officials nationwide, and ensure an independent paper trail on optical scan machines. 
In fact, it might even be possible to go to a paper ballot backed up by an initial exit poll. In contrast to this November 8 — when, at best, only the large scale of the election makes likely a trustworthy result — such reforms would ensure that our elections are, both in appearance and in reality, fair. Share This Article..."
"Osama bin Laden’s older brother rents out luxury student flats in Scotland   
The older brother of 9/11 mastermind Osama bin Laden is one of Scotland’s richest student landlords, it has emerged. 
Bakr Mohammed bin Laden, brother of the deceased Al-Qaeda chief, was identified as the owner of Glasgow’s Woodside House – a luxury student apartment complex. 
The building, which was opened earlier this year, sits on a site worth £1.5 million ($1.8 million) in the affluent Glasgow neighborhood of West End. 
Wealthy students are charged £13,000 per year to reside in the extravagant studio flats, while enjoying access to dinner party rooms, a private gym, and a cinema. The Saudi tycoon is one of the partners of Kelso Estates Ltd, which officially owns the property. 
“In addition to two other current officers, engineer Bakr Mohammed bin Laden is indeed named as a person with significant control of Kelso Estates Ltd,” said the building’s management company Collegiate AC Chief Executive Heriberto Cuanalo. 
Engineering student Chenhan Ye, from China, said he was “certainly surprised” to learn bin Laden owns the building he lives in. 
“I think people will see this as a risk,” 
Student housing campaign Rent Strike, which has been fighting against spiraling student rents, told RT the “story only furthers our longstanding belief that all landlords are b*stards.” 
“We look forward to damaging his profit margins in due course,” a spokesperson said. 
Bakr bin Laden is the owner of the billion dollar construction company Saudi Binladin Group, which is responsible for building Riyadh’s King Abdullah Financial District with a £816 million check. 
Sources describe bin Laden as “the true ruler of Jeddah,” but the billionaire keeps a very low profile. Share This Article..."
"Clintons Are Under Multiple FBI Investigations as Agents Are Stymied   Source: Wall street on parade 
Disgraced Former Congressman Anthony Weiner and His Wife, Longtime Hillary Clinton Aide, Huma Abedin 
Current and former FBI officials have launched a media counter-offensive to engage head to head with the Clinton media machine and to throw off the shackles the Loretta Lynch Justice Department has used to stymie their multiple investigations into the Clinton pay-to-play network. 
Over the past weekend, former FBI Assistant Director and current CNN Senior Law Enforcement Analyst Tom Fuentes told viewers that “the FBI has an intensive investigation ongoing into the Clinton Foundation.” He said he had received this information from “senior officials” at the FBI, “several of them, in and out of the Bureau.” (See video clip from CNN below.) 
That information was further supported by an in-depth article last evening in the Wall Street Journal by Devlin Barrett. According to Barrett, the “probe of the foundation began more than a year ago to determine whether financial crimes or influence peddling occurred related to the charity.” Barrett’s article suggests that the Justice Department, which oversees the FBI, has attempted to circumvent the investigation. The new revelations lead to the appearance of wrongdoing on the part of U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch for secretly meeting with Bill Clinton on her plane on the tarmac of Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport on the evening of June 28 of this year. Not only was Bill Clinton’s wife under an FBI investigation at the time over her use of a private email server in the basement of her New York home over which Top Secret material was transmitted while she was Secretary of State but his own charitable foundation was also under investigation, a fact that was unknown at the time to the public and the media. 
The reports leaking out of the FBI over the weekend came on the heels of FBI Director James Comey sending a letter to members of Congress on Friday acknowledging that the investigation into the Hillary Clinton email server was not closed as he had previously testified to Congress, but had been reopened as a result of “pertinent” emails turning up. According to multiple media sources, those emails were found on the laptop of Anthony Weiner, estranged husband of Hillary Clinton’s longtime aide, Huma Abedin. 
Weiner was forced to resign from Congress in 2011 over a sexting scandal with more sexting scandals to follow . Early this month, on October 3, the FBI raided Weiner’s apartment in New York with a search warrant in hand and seized multiple electronic devices. At least one of those devices had been used by both Weiner and Abedin to send email messages. The search warrant had been obtained following a detailed report that had appeared in the Daily Mail newspaper in the U.K. in September, showing sordid, sexual emails that Weiner had allegedly sent to a 15-year old girl in North Carolina. According to the content of the published emails, Weiner was aware that the girl was underage."
"Is This Why Comey Broke: A Stack Of Resignation Letters From Furious FBI Agents   Source: Zero Hedge 
Conspiracy theories have swirled in recent days as to why FBI Director James Comey reopened Hillary's email investigation after just closing it back in July concluding that, although Hillary had demonstrated gross negligence in her establishment of a private email server, that ""no reasonable prosecutor""