.com> Subject: One of the questions directed to HRC tomorrow is from a woman with a rash Thread-Topic: One of the questions directed to HRC tomorrow is from a woman with a rash Thread-Index: AdF3NQ9ZgXjJ0bvXRrqmqv8rTKbGbA== Date: Sat, 5 Mar 2016 23:16:34 +0000 Message-ID: <088DA582-5DFC-46B9-8767-0EB2FE42E57D@brazileassociates.com> Accept-Language: en-US Content-Language: en-US X-MS-Has-Attach: X-MS-TNEF-Correlator: Content-Type: text/plain; charset=""us-ascii"" Content-ID: <87E4B303477C2E41BFCAF7FE920279AB@mex05.mlsrvr.com> Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable MIME-Version: 1.0 Her family has lead poison and she will ask what, if anything, will Hillary= do as president to help the ppl of Flint. Folks, I did a service project today. It's so tragic. And what's worse, som= e homes have not been tested and it's important to encourage seniors to als= o get tested. Sent from Donna's I Pad. Follow me on twitter @donnabrazile Share This Article..."
"Colonial Gas Pipeline Explodes In Shelby County, Alabama - Live Stream   Source: Zero Hedge 
A massive plume of smoke is filling the skyline after a gas pipeline exploded in Helena, Alabama according to CBS42. Fire units are headed to the scene, according to McAdory Fire Station #2. Alagasco has stated that the fire is from a petroleum line. According to the Shelby County Sheriff's office, the blast was on the Colonial Line, with 8-9 people injured. The Sheriff adds that the blast happened during crew work. 
The explosion took place near 334 Highway 13. At this time, a response team has been called in from Jefferson County as well as a tanker from the McAdory Fire Department. 
Vestavia Hills Fire Department has also arrived on the scene, along with Shelby County’s Sheriff’s Department. 

UAB has received five patients associated with the explosion who arrived by LifeFlight helicopter. At this time, there is no word on their condition, but CBS42 has learned that they are being treated for burns. 

Helena police are stating that there was an explosion in the Shelby County Jurisdiction, and that no Helena residents are in danger. 
Travel is not being impacted to students who get dropped off on County Road 13, according to the transportation director with Shelby County schools."
"US Backed Saudi Airstrikes Kill 100 Yemenis In Two Days   Source: Jason Ditz, Antiwar.com 

People gather at the al-Zaydiya security headquarters that was destroyed by Saudi-led airstrikes Saturday, in the Red Sea port city of Hodeida, Yemen, Sunday, Oct. 30, 2016. Security and medical officials say dozens of prisoners and security personnel are feared dead after airstrikes battered two prisons inside the security headquarters. (AP Photo/Abdoo Alkarim Alayashy) 
While the biggest single Saudi airstrike over the weekend in Yemen targeted a prison in Hodeidah, dozens of other strikes were reported over the weekend by villagers around Taiz and in the Maarib Province, with attacks killing at least 27 civilians , and wounding a number of others. 
Most of the casualties were in Taiz, where attacks destroyed several homes and caused a large number of injuries. With hospitals in the area having very limited access to medicine because of the naval blockade, many of those injuries proved fatal. 
The attacks in Maarib and Saada, however, may prove more devastating to the country in the long run, targeting some of the very limited farmland Yemen has, destroying a number of villagers’ homes and burning a lot of that farmland. Yemen has to import some 90 percent of its food under normal circumstances, with such imports severely limited by the blockade, and the loss of farmland just adds to food insecurity in the nation. 
Saudi Arabia has been coming under growing international criticism for its air war against Yemen, with massive numbers of civilians killed and little sign that the promised improvements to targeting will ever amount to anything. 
Previous article from Anti-war.com From October 30th: 
Mostly destroyed and no longer usable, the prison in the Yemeni city of Hodeidah held 84 inmates until Saturday, when Saudi Arabian warplanes repeatedly bombed it, killing at least 60 of the people within and wounding dozens of others. 
The exact number of prisoners killed compared to guards is unknown, though prisoners are said to be the vast majority. The prison was leveled in the attack, according to witnesses, and rescue workers are still looking through the rubble, with others believed trapped within. 
Three airstrikes were targeted against the prison, with the first hitting it directly, bringing down the roof, and the follow-up attacks targeting the gates and the administration buildings. The Saudi coalition insisted the attacks were in keeping with targeting procedures, noting the prison was known to have Houthi security forces within. 
It is unclear who the prisoners generally were at the prison, but deliberately attacking a prison will doubtless add to concerns about Saudi Arabia’s standards for airstrikes against Yemen, which have killed massive numbers of civilians over the past 19 months. 
This article originally appeared in Anti-War.com Share This Article..."
"Trending Articles: Trending Articles: The Story of How the DOJ Tried to Thwart an FBI Investigation Into the Clinton Foundation   Source: Michael Krieger, Liberty Blitzkrieg 

Yesterday, the Wall Street Journal published a fascinating and troubling article detailing how aggressively the Department of Injustice moved to stymie efforts of FBI agents who wanted to investigate pay-to-play criminality with regard to the Clinton Foundation. Of course, none of this should come as a surprise. The Justice Department under President Obama never met a powerful person it cared to prosecute. Indeed, under Eric Holder’s crony reign (same now with Loretta Lynch), it’s been apparent for a very long time that senior leadership at the DOJ see the institution’s primary role to be the coddling and protection of oligarch criminals, especially those in the financial sector (see: Must Watch Video –“The Veneer of Justice in a Kingdom of Crime” ). 
The death of the rule of law in America, otherwise known as the two-tier justice system, has been a key topic of mine since the very beginning. In fact, I think it is the number one cancer plaguing our society at this time. As I warned in the 2014 post, New Report – The United States’ Sharp Drop in Economic Freedom Since 2000 Driven by “Decline in Rule of Law” : 
In my opinion, the U.S. is living on borrowed time. The entrepreneurial spirit is still very much alive, and a lot of innovative things are happening in the tech area, but other than that, the U.S. economy looks very much like a third word oligarchy. From my perspective, we need to reinstate the rule of law at once. The bad actors amongst the rich and powerful will continue to feast relentlessly on the productive parts of the economy so long as they they are never held accountable for their crimes. Simply put: The rule of law must be restored immediately. 
When it comes to the restoration of the rule of law, there is simply no time to waste. 
The rule of law has not been restored, a realization that is consistently reenforced by the lengths to which the Department of Justice goes to protect the powerful. Yesterday’s WSJ article gives us an additional glimpse into how that happens behind the scenes. 
Here are a few excerpts from the article, FBI in Internal Feud Over Hillary Clinton Probe : 
The surprise disclosure that agents from the Federal Bureau of Investigation are taking a new look at Hillary Clinton’s email use lays bare, just days before the election, tensions inside the bureau and the Justice Department over how to investigate the Democratic presidential nominee. 
The new investigative effort, disclosed by FBI Director James Comey on Friday, shows a bureau at times in sharp internal disagreement over matters related to the Clintons, and how to handle those matters fairly and carefully in the middle of a national election campaign. Even as the probe of Mrs. Clinton’s email use wound down in July, internal disagreements within the bureau and the Justice Department surrounding the Clintons’ family philanthropy heated up, according to people familiar with the matter. 
New details show that senior law-enforcement officials repeatedly voiced skepticism of the strength of the evidence in a bureau investigation of the Clinton Foundation, sought to condense what was at times a sprawling cross-country effort, and, according to some people familiar with the matter, told agents to limit their pursuit of the case. The probe of the foundation began more than a year ago to determine whether financial crimes or influence peddling occurred related to the charity. 
Some investigators grew frustrated, viewing FBI leadership as uninterested in probing the charity, these people said. Others involved disagreed sharply, defending FBI bosses and saying Mr. McCabe in particular was caught between an increasingly acrimonious fight for control between the Justice Department and FBI agents pursuing the Clinton Foundation case. 
Early this year, four FBI field offices—New York, Los Angeles, Washington and Little Rock, Ark.—were collecting information about the Clinton Foundation to see if there was evidence of financial crimes or influence-peddling, according to people familiar with the matter. 
Los Angeles agents had picked up information about the Clinton Foundation from an unrelated public-corruption case and had issued some subpoenas for bank records related to the foundation, these people said. 
The Washington field office was probing financial relationships involving Mr. McAuliffe before he became a Clinton Foundation board member, these people said. Mr. McAuliffe has denied any wrongdoing, and his lawyer has said the probe is focused on whether he failed to register as an agent of a foreign entity. 
In February, FBI officials made a presentation to the Justice Department, according to these people. By all accounts, the meeting didn’t go well. 
Some said that is because the FBI didn’t present compelling evidence to justify more aggressive pursuit of the Clinto