ble. 
Where things get hot, and where the Clinton Foundation is accused of ""coercion"" by the Sheik's Washington attorney George Salem, is in the negotiation over whether Clinton should come to Ethiopia without having been wired the funds up front, or if he should assume that the billionaire is ""good for the money"" and just fly out there on good will. 
When George Salem spoke with the Sheik about the payment, he was told by the Sheik to make sure YOU knew that the Sheik would very much like for you to attend ICASA and that he would provide transportation. In response, Bruce told George that if the Sheik would wire $6 million to the Foundation for 2010-2012 that he would make sure YOU attended ICASA. After Bruce’s stroke, George told Ed Wood of CHAI that the Sheik said he did not like “ coercion ” and that we should know that he was “ good for the money .” George reiterated that the money would be paid, but could not give a date. 

The Sheik seems to feel that we asked him for transportation and then decided not to use it. George and Ambassador Hicks have been told that the request for transportation did not originate with us, but we are not sure that the message reached the Sheik. 
Ultimately the negotiations for Clinton flying to Ethiopia stalled, and appear to have fallen apart, leading to the original quote from the Clinton Foundation's Amitabh Desai in which he said, as we noted earlier this month, that "" Unless Sheikh Mo has sent us a $6 million check, this sounds crazy to do. "" As a result, the memo gives WJC the following action point: 
George Salem, Ambassador Hicks, and CHAI feel that it would be helpful if you would call the Sheik and thank him for offering the plane and saying you are sorry you can’t attend ICASA. We don’t think it is necessary for YOU to bring up the payment issue directly. 
The memo concludes with the following talking points: YOU should thank the Sheik for his support of all our efforts in Ethiopia, and especially for offering to provide a plane to bring you to the ICASA meeting. YOU should express your regrets that you were not able to arrange your schedule to attend the ICASA meeting since you know how important it is to Ethiopia and to the Sheik. You should express your appreciation that he has helped make this event possible during a difficult time for the international AIDS effort. YOU should say you hope to be able to visit with the Sheik again soon either in Ethiopia or elsewhere. 
* * * 
This memo provides valuable insight into just how the ""charitable"" Clinton Foundation truly operated: absent being made whole on millions of dollars in payments - by a donor who had already provided it with $6 million in the past - the ""so very concerned"" about AIDS and African welfare Foundation, would not even bother to fly Bill Clinton for a 1-2 day trip - on someone else's dime - to something as simple, yet noble, as a healthcare conference: precisely what the Foundation, and Bill Clinton's presence, is supposed to represent and support. 
It also shows that when the Foundation found itself in arrears to a prominent donor, it first and only concern was how to get paid; all else - up to and including doing the absolute minimum such as appearing for a good cause, was secondary and - as the memo documents - ultimately irrelevant unless Clinton and the CF were both generously compensated for their efforts. 
And that, in a nutshell is what the ""generous and charitable"" Clinton foundation was all about: make sure to get the money, the rest simply did not matter."
"The Shadow Brokers dump more intel from the NSA's elite Equation Group   
In August, anonymous hacker(s) dumped a cache of cyberweapons that appeared to originate with The Equation Group , an elite, NSA-affiliated hacking squad. 
The leakers called themselves The Shadow Brokers, and they sought bTc1,000,000 for access to the remainder of The Equation Group's files. Earlier this month, arrested NSA contractor Harold Thomas Martin was accused of being the source of the leak to The Shadow Brokers, though not necessarily deliberately (he may have been hacked by The Shadow Brokers). 
The Shadow Brokers have had no takers for their auction, and so they're now dumping more files, presumably to stir up interest. 
The new leak purportedly reveals IP addresses of NSA controlled servers in 49 countries that are used to launch offensives against NSA targets. If the leaks are to be believed, they show that the NSA uses hacked servers in China and Russia to attack other countries. 
The dump contains some 300 folders of files, all corresponding to different domains and IP addresses. Domains from Russia, China, India, Sweden, and many other countries are included. According to an analysis by the security researcher known as Hacker Fantastic, the dump contains 306 domains and 352 IP addresses relating to 49 countries in total. 
If accurate, victims of the Equation Group may be able to use these files to determine if they were potentially targeted by the NSA-linked unit. The IP addresses may relate to servers the NSA has compromised and then used to deliver exploits, according to security researcher Mustafa Al-Bassam. 
“So even the NSA hacks machines from compromised servers in China and Russia. This is why attribution is hard,” Al-Bassam tweeted on Monday."
"Massachusetts Cop’s Wife Busted for Pinning Fake Home-Invasion Robbery on Black Lives Matter   Source: PINAC 
The wife of a Massachusetts cop is facing charges for filing a false police report after she concocted a story about thieves ransacking her home, stealing $10,000 in jewelry and then spray-painting her house with Black Lives Matter to pin it on black people. 
Maria Daly, wife of Millbury K-9 cop Daniel Daly, took to social media about her dreamt-up victimization after she filed a police report on October 17. 
“We woke up to not only our house being robbed while we were sleeping, but to see this hatred for no reason,” she posted, according to the Boston Herald. 
“ If you would of [sic] asked me yesterday about this blue lives and black lives matter issue my response would of [sic] been very positive [sic],” the now private Facebook account alleged. “Today on the other hand I have so much anger and hate that I don’t like myself. This is what we have to deal with these days and it makes me sick that this is what was on the side of my house.” 
Maria Daly called police to report someone had robbed her home while she was sleeping and then spray-painted her home with BLM for Black Lives Matter then posted about it on social media. 
Millbury Police Chief Donald Desourcy told the Herald that Daly called police to report an early morning break-in October 17, claiming someone had made off with thousands of dollars worth of valuables and spray-painting “BLM” on the outside of her house. 
But Chief Desourcy stated that as the investigation unfolded, something didn’t feel “quite right” and Daly ended up admitting she fabricated the whole thing, telling the officers her valuables had already been recovered. 
“It was pretty obvious. The officers did their due diligence and followed through with the investigation that we had,” he told CBS Boston . “We came to the conclusion it was all fabricated. There was no intruder, there was no burglary.” 
The chief said the hoax was likely motivated by the couple’s financial troubles and that he has empathy for the family. 
“I’m very familiar with her and it’s an unfortunate set of circumstances that have taken place.” 
Daly’s neighbors said it wasn’t a very smart thing to do for a woman who is married to a cop. 
“She must have tagged the place herself,” said one neighbor. 
“I don’t know why you’d do that, if you’re gonna stage a robbery, I mean really come on, you’re a cop’s wife. You should know better.” 
In addition to charges for filing a false police report, Daly also faces a charge for misleading a police investigation. Her cases will be heard at Worcester District Court after she is summoned. 
Daly’s husband, Daniel Daly was not involved or charged in relation to the hoax, according to police. Share This Article..."
"Aspartame Corporation Searle Created First Birth Control Pill: American Eugenics and Big Pharma, a History   
( Era of Wisdom ) Did you know that Aspartame producing corporation Searle also manufactured the first birth control pill ? 
After Donald Rumsfeld was Secretary of Defense under Gerald Ford , he was the CEO of Searle , engineering their merger with Monsanto. A testament to his influence, he became Secretary of Defense again during the Bush Administration, participating in atrocious torture and war crimes such as the ones at Abu Ghraib. 
One of the most veracious proponents for forced sterilization of blacks , the poor, and “imbeciles,” Planned Parenthood founder Margaret Sanger , was a main contributor to what would culminate into Searle’s manufacture of “Enovid”: the first hormonal birth control pill. This philosophy is commonly known as “ eugenics ,” sometimes referred to as “dysgenics” or “epi-eugenics.” 
Well summarized by the Embryo Project : “ Enovid was the first hormonal birth control pill. G.D. Searle and Company began marketing Enovid as a contraceptive in 1960. The technology was created by the joint efforts of many individuals and organizations, including Margaret Sanger, Katharine McCormick , Gregory Pincus, John Rock, Syntex , S.A. Laboratories, and G.D. Searle and Company Laboratories. Although there were many pieces and contributors to the final product, it was first conceived of and created by Gregory Pincus and Margaret Sanger through the Worcester Foundation in Worcester, Massachusetts, and was distributed by Searle, located in Chicago.” 
To illustrate historical ties between “big pharma” and eugenics, let’s take a look at the legacy of Dr. John Hurty, an early chemist at Prozac producer Eli Lilly and Company in the 1870’s. 
Hurty would go on to influence the passage of the United States’ first mandatory sterilization law, in 1907 Indiana . 
He was a tireless eugenicist , who believed that the poor, colored people