 , the disabled, ect. were a burden to the state and society, unfit for reproduction, and should be sterilized. 
Upwards of 60,000 Americans were involuntarily sterilized through to even the 1970’s , while Dr. John Hurty, Margaret Sanger, David Starr Jordan and others made major contributions. Reading from an article by renowned author Edwin Black : “Ultimately, eugenics practitioners coercively sterilized some 60,000 Americans, barred the marriage of thousands, forcibly segregated thousands in “colonies,” and persecuted untold numbers in ways we are just learning.” 
Dr. John Hurty, first president of Stanford David Starr Jordan, and Margaret Sanger were members of the scientific, academic class which birthed eugenics, and eventually the world we live in today where Searle had a hand in both birth control, and suspicious toxins such as Aspartame. 
Reading from this document, which is based on the 1946 book “ The Hoosier Health Officer: A Biography of Dr. John N. Hurty “ : “In 1873, John Newell Hurty went to work for Col. Eli Lilly in his newly established Eli Lilly and Company Pharmaceuticals in Indianapolis as his chief chemist. Then in 1879, Hurty opened his own drug store at the corner of Ohio and Pennsylvania streets. In the basement of that establishment, he set up one of the first analytical laboratories in the state. Among the variety of things he tested for purity was water for the Indianapolis Water Company. In 1884, Dr. Hurty established, and for a time taught at, the School of Pharmacy at Purdue University. In 1891, Hurty earned his medical degree from the Medical College of Indiana. In 1899, Dr. Hurty wrote a bill that became the first comprehensive food and drug legislation to be enacted in the United States. It was not only used as a model by other states, but the Federal Law of 1906 is taken almost word for word from Dr. Hurty’s bill.” 
This article/video seeks to pose the question: was birth control created as part of eugenics, population control, as part of something that goes beyond money or some alleged philanthropic agenda? Are certain chemicals or pharmaceuticals in circulation designed to fulfill an agenda that goes beyond money, an agenda perhaps that extends into eugenics? 
We are not suggesting people do one thing or another with their bodies, we are not asking you to make a decision about your health, but we are presenting you with historical info to better make decisions for yourself. 
We’re making the case that Searle profited from the eugenic ambitions of people such as Margaret Sanger: while it is unclear at this moment whether Searle cared about simply money or something deeper. This should raise suspicion about why they pushed so hard for the legalization of Aspartame after the FDA had already banned it , under the direction of powerful Donald Rumsfeld. 
Given all of this history, we would be wise to ask: could Aspartame possibly have roots in eugenics? Could certain pharmaceutical drugs have ties to eugenics? It is not a wild accusation or unreasonable question to ponder. 
To take it even further: FDA commissioner Margaret Hamburg is the daughter of not one, but two directors of the American Eugenics Society, which later was quietly renamed the “ The Society for Biodemography and Social Biology .”"
"NYU Prof Who Spoke Out Against ""Safe Spaces"" and ""Trigger Warnings"" Gets Pushed Out   Source: Zero Hedge 
An NYU professor who launched a twitter war against the growing trend of universities coddling students with ""safe spaces"" and ""trigger warnings"" has been pushed out of his own classroom for his "" incivility ."" According to a report from the New York Post , Liberal Studies professor Michael Rectenwald was forced to go on paid leave for the rest of the semester after his undercover twitter account, ""Deplorable NYU Prof"", was linked back to him. 
Liberal studies prof Michael Rectenwald, 57, said he was forced Wednesday to go on paid leave for the rest of the semester . 

“They are actually pushing me out the door for having a different perspective,” the academic told The Post. 

Rectenwald launched an undercover Twitter account called Deplorable NYU Prof on Sept. 12 to argue against campus trends like “safe spaces,”“trigger warnings” and other aspects of academia’s growing PC culture. 

He chose to be anonymous, he explained in one of his first tweets, because he was afraid “the PC Gestapo would ruin me” if he put his name ­behind his conservative ideas on the famously liberal campus. 

“I remember once on my Facebook I posted a story about a kid who changed his pronoun to ‘His Majesty’ because I thought it was funny,” he told The Post. “Then I got viciously attacked by 400 people. This whole milieu is nauseating. I grew tired of it, so I made the account.” 
Below is a small sample of Rectenwald's tweets: The identity politics left: they need a safe space that is at once a hall of mirrors and a rubber room. 
— Deplorable NYU Prof (@antipcnyuprof) October 11, 2016 What if Trump triggers a few hundred thousand liberal totalitarians to jump out of their dorm windows? one can only hope. #TriggerWarning 
— Deplorable NYU Prof (@antipcnyuprof) September 27, 2016 OK, academia has officially gone completely ape shit. This is merely mental illness posing as ""politics"": https://t.co/1K1l7wSvom 
— Deplorable NYU Prof (@antipcnyuprof) September 27, 2016 I'm a NYU prof who's seen academe become a sham bc of identity pol & liberal totalitarianism. I'll tell all soon. https://t.co/7Tyulse0a7 
— Deplorable NYU Prof (@antipcnyuprof) September 16, 2016 I'm a real full-time NYU prof who has inside stories that will blow yr mind. When I reach 500 followers the flood gates open. Pls help. Thx. 
— Deplorable NYU Prof (@antipcnyuprof) September 15, 2016 . @kercard @TrumpetingTrump Yes, there are 1.5 administrators for every professor at NYU -gotta' monitor everyone for possible 'bias' issues! 
— Deplorable NYU Prof (@antipcnyuprof) September 13, 2016 

It wasn't long before Rectenwald's tweet storm drew the attention of NYU's student newspaper, the Washington Square Times, which reached out to him over twitter for an interview. Unfortunately, that interview, which was published last week , proved to be his undoing. Within 2 days of his identity being revealed publicly, NYU's "" Liberal Studies Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Working Group "" had published a letter in the same newspaper finding Rectenwald ""guilty of illogic and incivility."" Later in that same day Rectenwald was forced to go on paid leave by administrators who claimed that ""a couple people had expressed concern about his mental health."" 
But Rectenwald says he began getting “dirty looks” in his department and on Wednesday figured out why: A 12-person committee calling itself the Liberal Studies Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Working Group , including two deans, published a letter to the editor in the same paper. 

“As long as he airs his views with so little appeal to evidence and civility, we must find him guilty of illogic and incivility in a community that predicates its work in great part on rational thought and the civil exchange of ideas,” they wrote. 

“We seek to create a dynamic community that values full participation. Such efforts are not the ‘destruction of academic integrity’ Professor Rectenwald suggests, but rather what make possible our program’s approach to global studies,” they argued. 

Rectenwald likened the attack to “a Salem witch trial. They took my views personally. I never even mentioned them and I never even said NYU liberal studies program. I was talking about academia at large.” 

The same day that letter was published, Rectenwald was summoned to a meeting with his department dean and an HR representative, he says. 

“They claimed they were worried about me and a couple people had expressed concern about my mental health,” Rectenwald told The Post. 

The leave has “absolutely zero to do with his Twitter account or his opinions on issues of the day,” said NYU spokesman Matt Nagel, refusing to elaborate on the reason. 

“I’m afraid my academic career is over,” he said. “Academic freedom: It’s great, as long as you don’t use it.” 
Is it any wonder that the liberal elite continues to run amok at our establishments of higher learning... anyone who dares express a non-conforming opinion is promptly found ""guilty of illogic and incivility"" and declared mentally incompetent. Share This Article..."
"Seven World-Historical 'Achievements' Of The Iraq Invasion Of 2003   
Authored by Gary Leupp, originally posted at Strategic-Culture.org, 
Here is a list of the noteworthy, ongoing results of the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq beginning in March 2003. (Recall that invasion was denounced by the UN as illegal, based entirely on lies, and—given the U.S.’s hegemonic position in the world, allowing it to act with impunity—the crime’s architects have never punished.) 
1) The principal achievement of the war and occupation was the dramatic expansion of the al-Qaeda network that had attacked the U.S. on January 11, 2001. An al-Qaeda franchise was established in Iraq for the first time, playing a key role in the Sunni “insurrection” against the occupiers and their Shiite allies, then expanding across the border into Syria where it split into the al-Nusra affiliate and its even more savage rival, ISIL. Iraq also served and serves as a training ground for jihadis now operating from Iraq to Libya and beyond. 
2) The invasion and its consequences encouraged the cause of Kurdistan, an imagined state straddling Iran, Iraq, Syria and Turkey. The Kurds are the largest stateless people in the world, victims of British and French colonialists who divided the region between them after World War I. After the Gulf War of 1991, the U.S. established a “no-fly” zone over northern Iraq to discourage Baghdad from deploying troops in the region. Iraqi Kurdistan had already obtained a degree of autonomy before the invasion but the status became official under the occupation and a referendum for independence is likely to pass soon. This 